famuyiwa's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer . 
that storytelling has value cannot be denied . not even solondz's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . 
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust . 
with tightly organized efficiency , numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension , miller's film is one of 2002's involvingly adult surprises . 
this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors . 
allen's funniest and most likeable movie in years . 
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . 
oddly compelling . 
mixes likeable personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun . 
this movie got me grinning . there's a part of us that cannot help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something . 
best indie of the year , so far . 
a witty , whimsical feature debut . 
although it's a bit smug and repetitive , this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do . 
an intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected . 
audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie . 
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it's to this film's ( and its makers' ) credit that we believe that that's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves . 
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . cinematic poetry showcases the city's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything . 
although i didn't hate this one , it's not very good either . it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter . 
like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 
it may not be " last tango in paris " but . . . 
after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock's memorable first interrogation of gosling . 
 . . . a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels . 
not everything works , but the average is higher than in mary and most other recent comedies . 
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect . 
birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . 
i love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off . 
benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it's dong jie's face you remember at the end . 
griffiths proves she's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession . 
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte's web of desire and desperation . 
despite a story predictable enough to make the sound of music play like a nail-biting thriller , its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it . 
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate . 
this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i'd expected it to be . 
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views . 
in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . 
an enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids . 
it's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true 'epic' . 
dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation . it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . ah yes , and then there's the music . . . 
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill . 
compelling as it is exotic , fast runner has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder . 
a life-size reenactment of those jack chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire . 
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship . 
 the film is powerful , accessible and funny . you won't miss its messages , but you'll be entertained as well . 
painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year's most accomplished and riveting film performances . 
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one . 
a simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past . 
sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film . 
a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem . 
even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , east-vs . -west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . 
a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film . 
symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . 
it's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon . 
the movie is our story as much as it is schmidt's , no matter if it's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale . 
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor . 
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema . 
if you can push on through the slow spots , you'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films . 
there's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking . 
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons . 
there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit . 
munch's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters . he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . his scenes are short and often unexpected . 
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family . 
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film . 
if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera . 
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments . 
it pulls the rug out from under you , just when you're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character , something happens to send you off in different direction . 
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . 
it's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space . 
sandra nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed martha as her heart begins to open . 
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images . 
a refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary american film . search it out . 
charming and funny ( but ultimately silly ) movie . 
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett's familiar quotations
based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
a film of quiet power . 
hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse . 
 . . . a light , yet engrossing piece . lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject – taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history . 
spider-man is in the same category as x-men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around . 
a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail . 
his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories . 
'the film is stark , straightforward and deadly . . . an unnatural calm that's occasionally shaken by . . . blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . '
this movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it . 
some people want the ol' ball-and-chain and then there are those who just want the ball and chain . 
it is quite a vision . 
the lady and the duke is eric rohmer's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude . 
devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower . 
yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it . 
jirí hubac's script is a gem . his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . the scope of the silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . . 
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity . 
many insightful moments . 
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad . 
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart . 
while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , " in the bedroom , " moretti's film makes its own , quieter observations
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago . 
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale . 
even if you don't know the band or the album's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century . 
zhang . . . has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast . 
proves a servicable world war ii drama that can't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored . 
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . 
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman's warmest . 
what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion . 
though frodo's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle . 
a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution . 
norton holds the film together . 
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade . and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him . 
it may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate . 
the script's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off . 
stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , 'tis . 
worth watching for dong jie's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change . 
 " me without you " is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades . 
you've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it's worth yet another visit . 
a real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us don't know . 
as a vehicle to savour binoche's skill , the film is well worthwhile . 
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet . 
a portrait of hell so shattering it's impossible to shake . 
the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans . 
as a science fiction movie , " minority report " astounds . 
it's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout . 
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 
what saves it . . . and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . 
colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , burkinabe filmmaker dani kouyate's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory . 
it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out . 
it's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems . but on the whole , you're gonna like this movie . 
it's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids . 
it helps that lil bow wow . . . tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid . 
sean penn , you owe nicolas cage an apology . 
purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u . s . foreign policy has played in the rise of castro . 
you just know something terrible is going to happen . but when it does , you're entirely unprepared . 
reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes . 
it's unnerving to see recoing's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment . good film , but very glum . 
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets . 
piercingly affecting . . . while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying . 
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either doesn't notice when his story ends or just can't tear himself away from the characters -- but it's smooth and professional . 
 with one exception , every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it's a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness . 
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling . 
there's no clear picture of who killed bob crane . but here's a glimpse at his life . 
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents' anguish . 
while surprisingly sincere , this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing . 
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride . 
'stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film . '
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot . . . a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
michael moore's latest documentary about america's thirst for violence is his best film yet . . . 
a charmer from belgium . 
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film . 
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man . . . about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy . 
offers that rare combination of entertainment and education . 
 . . . does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought . 
is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief . 
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while . . . 
tony gayton's script doesn't give us anything we haven't seen before , but director d . j . caruso's grimy visual veneer and kilmer's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably . 
a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more . 
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it's no glance . it's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing . 
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud . 
the result is more depressing than liberating , but it's never boring . 
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence . 
you don't have to know about music to appreciate the film's easygoing blend of comedy and romance . 
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . 
if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii . 
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol . 
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f . kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative . 
 . . . " bowling for columbine " remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film . . . 
mr . deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way . 
it's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads . it's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process . 
it's burns' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . 
as weber and weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the cockettes weren't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create . 
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family . 
imperfect ? yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy . 
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and b-grade stylishness . 
it's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins . 
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera . 
[villeneuve] seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death . 
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly . 
tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother . 
more intimate than spectacular , e . t . is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 
a frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it's a tougher picture than it is . 
[taymor] utilizes the idea of making kahlo's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . this isn't a new idea . it's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion . 
there's . . . an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm . 
generally provides its target audience of youngsters enough stimulating eye and ear candy to make its moral medicine go down . 
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off- broadway play . 
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was . . . hence , storytelling is far more appealing . 
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre . 
a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine . 
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances . 
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it weren't true . this is the stuff that disney movies are made of . 
it is definitely worth seeing . 
a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered . 
meant to reduce blake's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane's superhero dystopia . 
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry cannot make a delightful comedy centering on food . 
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture . 
 . . . a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing . 
you don't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that's the mark of a documentary that works . 
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk . 
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart . 
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make . 
as a singular character study , it's perfect . it's also the year's sweetest movie . 
smart and taut . 
the film delivers not just the full assault of reno's immense wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days . 
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade . 
same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse . 
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 
the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t . 
gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested . 
more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . . 
daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget . 
neither parker nor donovan is a typical romantic lead , but they bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula . 
proves mainly that south korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their hollywood counterparts . 
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view . 
if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest . 
it's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot . 
robinson's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . 
even if you can't pronounce " gyro " correctly , you'll appreciate much of vardalos' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries . 
grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies' end you'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others . 
the film's real appeal won't be to clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers . 
 " brown sugar " admirably aspires to be more than another " best man " clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . 
a splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience . 
the film's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen . 
for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket . 
enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age . 
if reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show isn't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time . 
despite its shortcomings , girls can't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . 
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment . 
although the editing might have been tighter , hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan . 
brian tufano's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special . 
fierce , glaring and unforgettable . 
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere . 
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself . 
an exhilarating experience . 
bennett's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any 'reality' show , and anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch some body first . 
a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration . 
there is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them . 
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear . 
will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues . 
it's one heck of a character study -- not of hearst or davies but of the unique relationship between them . 
she's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations . 
 i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent's complaint . 
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s . 
at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 
this is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it's hard to know what to praise first . 
the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances . 
the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end . 
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . 
it's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team . 
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
tsai ming-liang's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being . 
the movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life . 
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
an offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays . 
witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful . 
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia . 
an enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the 'truth' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to . 
while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course . . . director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades . 
the rare imax movie that you'll wish was longer than an hour . 
despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show . . . represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it . 
 . . . pray doesn't have a passion for the material . he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . 
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . 
a good thriller . 
dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments . 
the film is . . . determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation . 
in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood . except it's much , much better . 
it never fails to engage us . 
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard . . . and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels . 
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film . 
those who love cinema paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved . 
'compleja e intelectualmente retadora , el ladrón de orquídeas es uno de esos filmes que vale la pena ver precisamente por su originalidad . '
a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere . 
i'm not a fan of the phrase 'life affirming' because it usually means 'schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming . 
it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg's film is that it truly is romance
not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare . 
the film is exhilarating to watch because sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor . 
the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in . 
the film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime . 
the main story . . . is compelling enough , but it's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish . 
got a david lynch jones ? then you'd do well to check this one out because it's straight up twin peaks action . . . 
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless . 
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes . 
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way . 
spielberg's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later . 
at a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form's history . 
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary . 
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here . 
a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect . 
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story . 
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view . 
a highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . . it's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
the gags are often a stitch . 
the wwii drama is well plotted , visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear . 
celebrated at sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that's hard to beat . 
charlotte sometimes is a gem . it's always enthralling . 
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored . . . audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter . 
awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over . 
one of [herzog's] least inspired works . 
the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean . 
a perverse little truffle , dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy . 
angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . 
a refreshing korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters . 
mr . spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor . 
the message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another . 
this sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder . 
the komediant is a tale worth catching . 
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . 
the tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable . 
desta vez , columbus capturou o pomo de ouro . 
it's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash . , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it's what makes their project so interesting . 
taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ) , the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller . 
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory . 
what's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm . 
walter hill's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros . b picture , and i mean that as a compliment . 
like the film's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early-'80s suburbia , it's significant without being overstated . 
there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out . 
a marvel like none you've seen . 
it is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of leon's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction . 
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit . 
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh . 
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility . 
 . . . strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults . 
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism . 
the comedy makes social commentary more palatable . 
because eight legged freaks is partly an homage to them , tarantula and other low- budget b-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly ( but not sophomoric ) romp through horror and hellish conditions . 
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . 
even when foreign directors . . . borrow stuff from hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting . 
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails . 
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy . 
human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it's haunting . it's like a poem . 
lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery . 
mostly , [goldbacher] just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human . 
 " the dangerous lives of altar boys " has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
the filmmaker's heart is in the right place . . . 
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul's perspective . 
late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love . 
a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films . 
 . . . with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 
while not quite a comedy , the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging . 
a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives . 
standing by yourself is haunting . . . [it's] what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction . 
notwithstanding my problem with the movie's final half hour , i'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl-
the ya-ya's have many secrets and one is - the books are better . translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya . 
not the best herzog perhaps , but unmistakably herzog . 
steven soderbergh doesn't remake andrei tarkovsky's solaris so much as distill it . 
this is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for , though lovers of the book may wonder why it's necessary . 
here's a british flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you . 
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats . 
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world . 
poetry in motion captured on film . while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it's an entertaining and informative documentary . 
a pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings , the kind of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable . 
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart . 
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe . 
it further declares its director , zhang yang of shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future . 
this cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap . 
a true pleasure . 
what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level . 
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture . 
a fun family movie that's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , 'it's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
y tu mamá también es un buen filme gracias a lo poco convencional de su narrativa , y es quizá el proyecto más arriesgado en la carrera de alfonso cuarón
while it's nothing we haven't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it's more than a worthwhile effort . 
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking . 
the faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of v . s . naipaul's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour . 
ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family . 
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam's subconscious , pressed through kafka's meat grinder and into buñuel's casings
witty , touching and well paced . 
if you like peace , you'll like promises . 
mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt . 
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that's what makes it worth a recommendation . 
works as pretty contagious fun . 
judith and zaza's extended bedroom sequence . . . is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics . 
those of you who don't believe in santa claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original . well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts . 
this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get . 
it's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit . 
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it's one tough rock . 
hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic . 
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study . 
the actors are fantastic . they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre . 
if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of " the isle " you'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else . 
the movie's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries . 
the result is something quite fresh and delightful . 
 " mostly martha " is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see . 
a sensitive and expertly acted crowd-pleaser that isn't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears . 
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit won't be disappointed . 
it's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack . 
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication . 
the movie addresses a hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it doesn't go too much further . 
you will likely prefer to keep on watching . 
even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch . 
an enchanting spectacular for potter fans anxious to ride the hogwarts express toward a new year of magic and mischief . 
nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition . 
with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . . 
it's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline . 
by the time we learn that andrew's turnabout is fair play is every bit as awful as borchardt's coven , we can enjoy it anyway . 
the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun . 
well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin . 
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin . 
whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment . 
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others . it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them . 
a remarkable film by bernard rose . 
what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 
 . . . ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters' crises with seriousness and compassion . 
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again . 
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme doesn't drag an audience down . 
apuestas fuertes para el futuro del director , y apuestas bien fundadas , pues la suerte ya la tiene , y la cinta lo comprueba . . . . 
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con . 
fans of nijinsky will savor every minute of cox's work . 
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen . 
a journey through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance . 
is red dragon worthy of a place alongside the other hannibal movies ? as hannibal would say , yes , 'it's like having an old friend for dinner' . 
behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one can't help but think he'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art . 
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . 
denis and co-writer michele petin's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing . lead provocatuers testud and parmentier give superlative performances
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through . 
ferrara's best film in years . 
witless but watchable . 
it's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience . 
buy popcorn . take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride . 
despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there's no scene that screams " bathroom break ! " 
a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love . 
a pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy . 
if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . 
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it's not half-bad . 
using an endearing cast , writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred . 
'divertida , enternecedora , universal y profundamente sincera , es una de las mejores comedias románticas en mucho tiempo . una verdadera delicia . '
andersson creates a world that's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad . 
at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . 
maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts . 
a few artsy flourishes aside , narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days . 
it's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . you don't want to call the cops . you want to call domino's . 
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing . 
tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy . 
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way . 
 " the best disney movie since the lion king " 
it's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive . 
director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth . 
all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . 
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre . 
i know that i'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way . 
it's stylishly directed with verve . . . 
a marvel of production design . 
writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza . 
if [jaglom's] latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing . 
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes . 
whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama isn't much of a mystery , unfortunately . 
inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening . 
seldahl's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness . 
unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile . 
returning director rob minkoff . . . and screenwriter bruce joel rubin . . . have done a fine job of updating white's dry wit to a new age . 
if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans . 
open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , talk to her is a cinephile's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations . 
see it now , before the inevitable hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles . 
here polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably . 
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant . 
an incredibly low-rent danish film , it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient
huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair . 
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro . 
it's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth . 
the emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who's ever had family trauma . 
allows us to hope that nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker . 
a deep and meaningful film . 
'blue crush' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . 
<em>ash wednesday</em> is not edward burns' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film . and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today . 
the tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern china in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology . 
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 
it's hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when you've seen the remake first . many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , [yet] are worthwhile . 
it suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media . . . to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks . 
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make 'cherish' a very good ( but not great ) movie . 
as unseemly as its title suggests . 
never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man . the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive . 
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
 . . . the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes " what time is it there ? " something the true film buff will enjoy . 
i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! 
mark pellington's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth . 
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph . 
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration . 
no wonder they're talking about " talk to her . " it's astonishing . 
one of the greatest films i've ever seen . 
escaping the studio , piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie . 
offers much to enjoy . . . and a lot to mull over in terms of love , loyalty and the nature of staying friends . 
macdowell . . . gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she's ever done . 
what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action . 
i walked away from this new version of e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . 
this story of a determined woman's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments . 
woven together handsomely , recalling sixties' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to don't look back . 
another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it . 
lejos del paraíso es al mismo tiempo una fiesta para los ojos y oídos y un movilizador cuadro de personajes enfrentados a sus propios deseos , miedos y prejuicios . 
smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country . 
good-naturedly cornball sequel . 
my goodness , queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts . she must have a very strong back . 
a giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of oscar-winners : susan sarandon and goldie hawn . 
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement . 
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly . 
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 
you really have to salute writer-director haneke ( he adapted elfriede jelinek's novel ) for making a film that isn't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch . 
a moving , if uneven , success . 
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film . 
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms . mirren , who did ) , has succeeded beyond all expectation . 
'like a child with an important message to tell . . . [skins'] faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ? 
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow . 
corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless . it's the perfect kind of film to see when you don't want to use your brain . at all . 
by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide . 
jones . . . does offer a brutal form of charisma . 
trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son . 
the movie isn't just hilarious : it's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it isn't even all that dumb . 
it's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more . 
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise . 
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script . 
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences . 
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors . 
we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies . 
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama . 
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work . 
try as you might to resist , if you've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there . 
pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura . 
challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative . but it's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle . 
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story doesn't have a single surprise up its sleeve . but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell . 
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . 
moretti's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss . 
merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone . 
this is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters . 
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film's music than to the story line ; what's best about drumline is its energy . 
stephen earnhart's homespun documentary mule skinner blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens . 
she's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness . 
high on melodrama . but it's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast . 
funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , " a city where people still read . " 
worth the effort to watch . 
intriguing and downright intoxicating . 
the weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough . 
a highly spirited , imaginative kid's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he's afraid of his best-known creation ? 
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces . 
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller . 
it's . . . worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts . 
it's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety . 
viewers of " the ring " are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes . 
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie . 
a beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran . 
most haunting about " fence " is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen . noyce's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
personal velocity has a no-frills docu-dogma plainness , yet miller lingers on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire . she boxes these women's souls right open for us . 
this orange has some juice , but it's far from fresh-squeezed . 
astonishingly skillful and moving . . . it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one . 
 . . . rogers's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle . 
the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants . it's like watching a nightmare made flesh . 
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds . it doesn't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain . 
jacquot's tosca is a treat . 
highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the eccentric theater company manager . 
witty , vibrant , and intelligent . 
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
somewhat blurred , but kinnear's performance is razor sharp . 
young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work . 
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . extraordinary debut from josh koury . 
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed 'the french lieutenant's woman . '
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself . 
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title . 
the best film of the year 2002 . 
this is a nervy , risky film , and villeneuve has inspired croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of bibi . 
an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood . 
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five . 
red dragon is less baroque and showy than hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than silence . but , like silence , it's a movie that gets under your skin . 
[washington's] strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene . 
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters . 
it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage . 
[d]espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing . . . 
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming . 
the acting alone is worth the price of admission . 
a solid examination of the male midlife crisis . 
it's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru . 
a deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy . 
oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition . 
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture . 
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and doesn't pummel us with phony imagery or music . 
although life or something like it is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director stephen herek's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles . 
with notorious c . h . o . cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . 
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity . 
the movie is brilliant , really . it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events . 
occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for zhao . 
a manically generous christmas vaudeville . 
deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant . 
majidi's direction has never been smoother or more confident . 
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies . 
it's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill . naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation . 
gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife . 
an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution--acted mostly by the actual people involved . 
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there's no time to think about them anyway . 
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama . 
like all of egoyan's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . 
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie . 
the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy . 
there are just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory . 
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it's a lyrical endeavour . 
manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas . 
really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart . 
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say . 
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining . 
another love story in 2002's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre . 
steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate manhattan denizens--especially the a * * holes . 
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread . 
not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 
a miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer . 
call me a wimp , but i cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film . 
whenever you think you've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . 
touché ! 
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean's themes without being a true adaptation of her book . 
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist . 
as banal as the telling may be -- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention . 
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i don't think that a . c . will help this movie one bit . 
ultimately , the message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life's stasis . 
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . 
light , cute and forgettable . 
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days . seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many . 
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . 
if there's one big point to promises , it's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other . 
it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
a keep-'em-guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters . 
this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty . 
francophiles will snicker knowingly and you'll want to slap them . 
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds . 
occasionally melodramatic , it's also extremely effective . 
even when he's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . 
having never been a huge fan of dickens' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure i had watching mcgrath's version . 
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy . 
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i'm likely to see all year . 
apesar de seus graves problemas , o filme consegue entreter . 
it's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered . 
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . 
like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh . 
it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya . 
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director's previous popcorn work . 
münch's genuine insight makes the film's occasional overindulgence forgivable . 
there was time on that second round to see the subtleties of ramsay's portrait of grief . 
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy . . . attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called 'my husband is travis bickle' . 
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson's far side humor
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing . 
engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship . 
it takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding . 
harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research . 
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment . 
as an introduction to the man's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it's invaluable . 
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it . 
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
the level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter . 
a tone of rueful compassion . . . reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events . 
sweet home alabama isn't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts . 
the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing . 
better than the tepid star trek : insurrection ; falls short of first contact because the villain couldn't pick the lint off borg queen alice krige's cape ; and finishes half a parsec ( a nose ) ahead of generations . 
beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing . 
a winning and wildly fascinating work . 
by the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better . 
rarely , a movie is more than a movie . go . 
if you liked such movies as notting hill , four weddings and a funeral , bridget jones' diary or high fidelity , then you won't want to miss about a boy . 
beneath the film's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve . 
 " the emperor's new clothes " begins with a simple plan . . . . well , at least that's the plan . 
a rarity among recent iranian films : it's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist's plight . 
directing with a sure and measured hand , [haneke] steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings . 
noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism . 
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking . 
you're not merely watching history , you're engulfed by it . 
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution . 
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002's first great film
suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative . still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed . 
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience . 
very predictable but still entertaining
the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . 
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood . 
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one . 
lilia's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous , but abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth . 
for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . 
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative . 
an exhilarating serving of movie fluff . 
if there's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs , i think it's in projects like the ( unfortunately r-rated ) paid . 
aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil . 
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees . 
the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film suffers from its own difficulties . 
in a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in . 
darkly funny and frequently insightful . 
don't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches . . . 
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that's simultaneously painful and refreshing . 
uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity . 
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief . 
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he's easy to like and always leaves us laughing . 
noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama . 
nicely combines the enigmatic features of 'memento' with the hallucinatory drug culture of 'requiem for a dream . '
mr . tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and what time is it there ? should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor . 
in all , this is a watchable movie that's not quite the memorable experience it might have been . 
even if the ride's a little bumpy , with a final lap that's all too suspiciously smooth , you gotta give director roger michell , best known for the superfluous notting hill , credit for trying . 
while not all that bad of a movie , it's nowhere near as good as the original . 
a depressing confirmation of everything those of us who don't object to the description " unelected " have suspected all along : george w . bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide . 
an impossible romance , but we root for the patronized iranian lad . 
it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another . 
a love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats . 
 " the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble . 
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary . 
the emperor's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality . 
this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked . 
a pro-fat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances . 
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun . 
broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force . 
the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting . 
' . . . the film's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
 " what really happened ? " is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience . 
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making . 
cool ? this movie is a snow emergency . 
for all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , blood work is a strong , character-oriented piece . 
it's refreshing to see a romance this smart . 
a marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption . 
although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs . 
provides an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of todd solondz . 
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze . 
u . s . audiences may find [attal and gainsbourg's] unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what hollywood typically concocts . 
its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition . 
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that doesn't always jell with sean penn's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it . 
a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love . 
the cat's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich . . . 
somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes . 
a generation x artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely cannot last . 
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women . 
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration . 
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch . 
delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 
the film's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths . entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn . 
only an epic documentary could get it all down , and spike lee's jim brown : all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents . 
though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters . 
ana's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique . . . 
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles . 
as a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places being pushed and pulled ( literally and figuratively ) by desire . . . [sex and lucía] makes for an arousing good time . 
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 
steven soderbergh's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life . 
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film . 
it just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read stevenson's book , which is a treasure in and of itself . 
a vivid cinematic portrait . 
everything that has to do with yvan and charlotte , and everything that has to do with yvan's rambunctious , jewish sister and her non-jew husband , feels funny and true . 
haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed . 
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it . 
what begins as a film in the tradition of the graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant . 
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world . 
as shaky as the plot is , kaufman's script is still memorable for some great one-liners . 
not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen . this isn't my favorite in the series , still i enjoyed it enough to recommend . 
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers . 
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . 
es divertida , visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida . simple y sencillamente te sorprenderá . 
 . . . [the film] works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . 
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad . 
kosminsky . . . puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . 
watching this film , what we feel isn't mainly suspense or excitement . the dominant feeling is something like nostalgia . 
this isn't a narrative film -- i don't know if it's possible to make a narrative film about september 11th , though i'm sure some will try -- but it's as close as anyone has dared to come . 
it's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 . 
if you ignore the cliches and concentrate on city by the sea's interpersonal drama , it ain't half-bad . 
with dickens' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told . 
without resorting to hyperbole , i can state that kissing jessica stein may be the best same-sex romance i have seen . 
the casting of raymond j . barry as the 'assassin' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger's impressive fake documentary . 
it's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it's also pretty funny . 
every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency . 
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade . 
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul . . . he elevates the experience to a more mythic level . 
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman's posthumously published cult novel . 
dark , resonant , inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement . 
nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure . 
so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is . 
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
if there's no art here , it's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . 
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed . 
the powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question . but this time there's some mold on the gold . 
the story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that's even less plausible than the rest of the picture . much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride . 
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama . 
there's something about a marching band that gets me where i live . 
it's as close as we'll ever come to looking through a photographer's viewfinder as he works . 
worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film . 
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 
a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event . 
while scorsese's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that " gangs " is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about . 
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter . 
the story , like life , refuses to be simple , and the result is a compelling slice of awkward emotions . 
makes one thing abundantly clear . american musical comedy as we know it wouldn't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun's-sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . 
the salton sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety . 
a jewish ww ii doc that isn't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience ! who knew . . . 
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . 
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is . 
the unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right . 
the year's greatest adventure , and jackson's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate . 
dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten . 
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . 
a sober and affecting chronicle of the leveling effect of loss . 
the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger . 
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than " bladerunner " and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen . 
graphic sex may be what's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake . 
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie's political ramifications . 
if it's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch . 
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . 
with not a lot of help from the screenplay ( proficient , but singularly cursory ) , [testud] acts with the feral intensity of the young bette davis . 
a tone poem of transgression . 
spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry . 
they're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood . 
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life . 
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent . 
the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals . it's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after . 
a weird and wonderful comedy . 
a different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling . 
a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection . 
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded . 
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give " scratch " a second look . 
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that's hard to resist . 
a fanciful drama about napoleon's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility . 
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama . 
it may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of weekend and two or three things i know about her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ? 
warm water under a red bridge is a quirky and poignant japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality . 
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted . 
using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead . 
a surprisingly funny movie . 
coppola's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . 
there is no denying the power of polanski's film . . . 
the casting of von sydow . . . is itself intacto's luckiest stroke . 
there are moments in this account of the life of artist frida kahlo that are among cinema's finest this year . unfortunately , they're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of kahlo's life imaginable . 
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one's mother . 
time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness . 
it's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form . 
a gripping , searing portrait of a lost soul trying to find her way through life . 
'no es la mejor cinta de la serie , ni la mejor con brosnan a la cabeza , pero de que entretiene ni duda cabe . '
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching . 
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . 
'moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
at the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , " i guess i come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . " congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much ! 
one of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you didn't know was being taken . 
it's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america . 
a savage john waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over . 
far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place . . . innocent and well-meaning . 
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all . 
the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides . . . [and] personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy . 
for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m . night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . 
remember the kind of movie we were hoping " ecks vs . sever " or " xxx " was going to be ? this is it . 
it's unlikely we'll see a better thriller this year . 
presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it . 
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ‘direct-to-video' release . 
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film . 
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 
you live the mood rather than savour the story . 
claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that's okay . 
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date . 
one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society . 
while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . 
writer-director's mehta's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres . 
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant . 
an absurdist spider web . 
he's the scariest guy you'll see all summer . 
tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable . 
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema . 
superior genre storytelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line . 
highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy follow-up . 
writer/director joe carnahan's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic . 
merci pour le movie . 
tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard . 
insomnia is one of the year's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances . 
while it regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century , and returns again and again to images of dissidents in the streets , it's alarmingly current . 
murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud . . . and parmentier . 
two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue , if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres , more's the pity . 
feature debuter d . j . caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter tony gayton's narcotics noir to life . 
one of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever . 
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made . 
it's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it's implosion rather than explosion you fear . 
the fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work . 
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since " saving private ryan " have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war . 
this is one of the year's best films . 
it's a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic . 
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . 
based on dave barry's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters' moves and overlapping story . 
jagger the actor is someone you want to see again . 
it's a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests . 
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting 'chops' and they take full advantage . 
this is not chabrol's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer . 
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect . 
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map . 
there are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way . 
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful . 
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates . 
the filmmakers' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls' environment . 
those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they don't really want to know . 
may be far from the best of the series , but it's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation . 
leigh's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom . 
while there are times when the film's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it doesn't . 
one of the year's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore . 
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . 
it's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless . 
allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today . 
 " . . . something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . " 
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest . 
wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror . 
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace . 
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later . 
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum . 
your response to its new sequel , analyze that , may hinge on what you thought of the first film . 
all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely . 
the re-release of ron howard's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages . 
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi . 
an endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years . 
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded . 
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 
as home movie gone haywire , it's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , i'd rather listen to old tori amos records . 
most impressive , though , is the film's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters' emotional wounds . 
pete's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish . 
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration . 
a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene's work as well as a remarkably faithful one . 
kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . 
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama . 
the film's performances are thrilling . 
 . . . an interesting slice of history . 
en sí mismo el rey león es un espectáculo digno de contemplarse en cine , dvd o en su soberbio montaje teatral ; pero el hacerlo en la pantalla imax es una experiencia colosal . 
asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema's capability for recording truth . 
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack . 
romanek keeps the film constantly taut . . . reflecting the character's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score . 
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture . 
like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive . 
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing . 
isn't quite the equal of woo's best earlier work , but it's easily his finest american film . . . comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his hong kong films . 
a tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled african-american's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle . 
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond . 
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . 
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere . 
further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of dubya's axis of evil . 
a mess , but it's a sincere mess . 
[schweiger is] talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists . 
whether kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten is open to question , but the risk-takers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion . 
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary . he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject . 
this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it's filmed tosca that you want . i'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper . 
as relationships shift , director robert j . siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc . 
though it's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves . 
this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer . 
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves . 
it's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all . 
for a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them . 
guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled . 
in his debut as a film director , denzel washington delivers a lean and engaging work . 
i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . 
'estupendamente actuada , sumamente emotiva y profundamente humana , es una experiencia fílmica imposible de olvidar'
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb . 
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing . 
although jackson is doubtless reserving the darkest hours for the return of the king , we long for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of the two towers . 
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy . 
one of the funnier movies in town . 
in capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st . 
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high . 
it was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at . 
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare . 
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold . 
a smart little indie . 
one of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory . 
it's endearing to hear madame d . refer to her husband as 'jackie' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer . 
 . . . if you're in a mind set for goofy comedy , the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games . 
a movie of riveting power and sadness . 
mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work . 
eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer . 
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary . 
this concoction , so bizarre to the adult mind , is actually a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned . 
an involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings . 
it's a glorious spectacle like those d . w . griffith made in the early days of silent film . 
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable . 
while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight . 
this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance . 
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights . 
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera . 
kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night matthew was killed . 
nakata's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects . 
there's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it . 
tsai ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point . 
griffin & co . manage to be spectacularly outrageous . 
a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one's actions . 
the plot of the comeback curlers isn't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what's unique and quirky about canadians . 
too often , son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained " big moment " will occur and not " if . " 
at times the guys taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . it's not a motion picture ; it's an utterly static picture . 
miyazaki is one of world cinema's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . 
it's a treat – a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score… grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun . 
 . . . there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen . 
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance . 
on its own cinematic terms , it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist byatt . 
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop . it's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters . 
despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience . 
worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance . 
a solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy . 
 . . . wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams . 
top-notch action powers this romantic drama . 
but this is lohman's film . her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks . 
 . . . the implication is kissinger may have decided that — when it comes to truncheoning — it's better to give than to receive . 
if you're in the mood for a bollywood film , here's one for you . 
singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs — a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story — but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece . 
a flick about our infantilized culture that isn't entirely infantile . 
…an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller . 
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . 
it certainly won't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time . 
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia's true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking . 
i just loved every minute of this film . 
13 conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , karen sprecher , don't seem ever to run out of ideas . 
an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street . 
it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo . 
often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the american 'hosts' and their 'guests . '
if " lilo & stitch " isn't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since " dumbo " certainly ranks as the most original in years . 
the simplicity of the way home has few equals this side of aesop
a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship . 
one fantastic ( and educational ) documentary . 
either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks . 
if you've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . this is the best star trek movie in a long time . 
though nijinsky's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature . 
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society . . . might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants . 
a thriller made from a completist's checklist rather than with a cultist's passion . 
 . . . always remains movingly genuine . 
the beauty of alexander payne's ode to the everyman is in the details . 
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words don't really do the era justice . you have to see it . 
grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors . 
its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces . . . are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half . still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental . 
a worthwhile documentary , whether you're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll . 
a startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in chinese society . 
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion . 
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film . 
'they' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying i'm still stunned . and i've decided to leave a light on every night from now on . 
it will grip even viewers who aren't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of american society in an unnerving way . 
most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; " frailty " leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home . 
to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer's 'divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that's not saying much . 
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they've rarely been given . 
 . . . the plot weaves us into a complex web . 
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry . 
in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned . 
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence . 
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema . 
[a] real pleasure in its laid-back way . 
director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one . 
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity . . . bisset is both convincing and radiant . 
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem . 
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject . 
fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn . 
intriguing and stylish . 
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye . 
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . 
while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix . 
it all plays out . . . like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller's time out . 
a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism . 
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ? may prove to be [tsai's] masterpiece . 
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he's got as potent a topic as ever here . 
if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time . 
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done . 
while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears . . . should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio . 
massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history . 
it's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again . 
'[the cockettes] provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself . 
equilibrium is what george orwell might have imagined had today's mood-altering drug therapy been envisioned by chemists in 1949 . 
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus . 
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence . 
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? 
an estrogen opera so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote ( and cannier doppelganger ) to diesel's xxx flex-a-thon . 
dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny . 
genuinely unnerving . 
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you . 
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story . 
morton uses her face and her body language to bring us morvern's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan . 
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite . it's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones . 
the film's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter . 
an inventive , absorbing movie that's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist . 
over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor . 
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly " unfilmable " novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . 
any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look . 
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director's understanding of the expressive power of the camera . 
shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . 
 " antwone fisher " is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington . it won't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking . 
a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride . 
stay clear of reminding yourself that it's a " true story " and you're likely to have one helluva time at the movies . 
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 
this boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy . 
brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women's depression . 
it's still adam sandler , and it's not little nicky . and for many of us , that's good enough . 
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic . 
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood . 
ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he's well worth spending some time with . 
there's lots of cool stuff packed into espn's ultimate x . 
a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state . 
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise . 
there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness . 
the new guy does have a heart . now , if it only had a brain . 
for the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride . 
a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget . 
maybe it's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades . . . but honestly , analyze that really isn't all that bad . 
prancing his way through the tailor-made part of a male hooker approaching the end of his vitality , jagger obviously relishes every self-mocking moment . 
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced . 
the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies . 
notorious c . h . o . has oodles of vulgar highlights . 
overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very imaxy . 
the movie is well done , but slow . 
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff . 
a muted freak-out
pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . what results is the best performance from either in years . 
rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , les destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual . 
a romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions . 
you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they're each interesting . the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll . 
matches neorealism's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives . 
fans of critics' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart . 
a coming-of-age movie that hollywood wouldn't have the guts to make . 
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films . . . that argue that any sexual relationship that doesn't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect . 
beautifully produced . 
 . . . a well-observed and disturbing little movie
victor rosa is leguizamo's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance . 
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all ) will have fun with . 
this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal . 
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . 
what 'dumb and dumber' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script . 
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films . 
a map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a master's steady stroke . 
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks . 
we get an image of big papa spanning history , rather than suspending it . 
catch it . . . if you can ! 
while i can't say it's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie . 
a weird , arresting little ride . 
watstein handily directs and edits around his screenplay's sappier elements . . . and sustains off the hook's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer . 
morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start . 
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached . 
pray's film works well and will appeal even to those who aren't too familiar with turntablism . 
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino's performance . 
a chronicle not only of one man's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign's end , an extended publicity department . 
it's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer . 
allen se atreve a atacar , a atacarse y nos ofrece gags que van de la sonrisa a la risa de larga duración
an intriguing and entertaining introduction to johnson . 
like kubrick , soderbergh isn't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . 
an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film . . . 
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic . 
craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . 
the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work . 
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . the performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie . 
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise . 
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most . 
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom . 
go see it and enjoy . 
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . 
though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . 
the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle . 
if this story must be told and retold -- and indeed it must -- then the grey zone is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle . 
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense . 
miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet . 
cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie . 
the movie is . . . very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes . 
a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python's meaning of life . 
melodrama with a message . 
to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin's greatest hits . to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . 
collateral damage finally delivers the goods for schwarzenegger fans . 
high crimes knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort . 
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it's a funny no-brainer . 
maneuvers skillfully through the plot's hot brine -- until it's undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors . 
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . 
succeeds only because bullock and grant were made to share the silver screen . 
discursive but oddly riveting documentary . 
sum " is jack ryan's " do-over . " give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially give credit to affleck . 
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties . 
you'll end up moved . 
creepy , authentic and dark . this disturbing bio-pic is hard to forget . 
passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats . 
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film . 
raimi and his team couldn't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . 
believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half . but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us . 
 . . . a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy . . . 
this is what imax was made for : strap on a pair of 3-d goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space . 
an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century . 
a small movie with a big impact . 
romanek's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures . 
a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage . 
a lovely film . . . elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic . . . hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source's complexity . 
definitely funny stuff , but it's more of the 'laughing at' variety than the 'laughing with . '
a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino . 
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic . 
para hitler , o mundo era sua tela ; e o horror , seu pincel . e max retrata este fato com elegante abandono , numa triste constatação da realidade histórica . 
far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series . 
an extraordinary dramatic experience . 
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma . 
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible . 
from the opening strains of the average white band's " pick up the pieces " , you can feel the love . 
ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel . 
the format gets used best . . . to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and bmx riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups . 
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller
you'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear . 
weird , vulgar comedy that's definitely an acquired taste . 
an amused indictment of jaglom's own profession . 
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously . it is also beautifully acted . 
sure , i hated myself in the morning . but then again , i hate myself most mornings . i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned . 
while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time . 
this slight premise . . . works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon . 
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history . 
 . . . a good , if not entirely fresh , look at war . 
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours . 
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati . 
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks . 
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head . 
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer
short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty . 
it may sound like a mere disease-of- the-week tv movie , but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses seldahl and wollter . 
brilliantly explores the conflict between following one's heart and following the demands of tradition . 
as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects . 
a beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world . 
makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the kurdish refugees of iran's borderlands . 
sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood . 
qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere . 
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . 
the strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film . not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by the piano teacher . 
even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good . 
strange and beautiful film . 
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago . 
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed . 
a compelling film . 
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 
the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one . 
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog's works , invincible shows he's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . 
[russell] makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards . 
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell . 
often hilarious . 
the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer . 
sturdy , entertaining period drama . . . both caine and fraser have their moments . 
when it really counts . . . bloody sunday connects on a visceral level that transcends language . 
the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist . 
it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking . 
the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement . and vin diesel is the man . 
a taut , intelligent psychological drama . 
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera . . . 
there's none of the happily-ever -after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that's part of what makes dover kosashvili's outstanding feature debut so potent . 
while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work . 
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air . 
it turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting . 
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . 
one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love . 
these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people . 
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you're a struggling nobody . 
i like it . there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane . 
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse . 
rabbit-proof fence will probably make you angry . but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that doesn't make you feel like a sucker . 
the movie's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman's barking-mad taylor to thewlis's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell's hard-eyed gangster . 
 . . . tunney is allowed to build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope . 
not for the prurient or squeamish , it's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics . 
 ( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism . 
delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information . 
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath's version of 'nicholas nickleby' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days . 
the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful . 
everyone's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships . 
like mike isn't interested in recycling old cliches . it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor . 
director paul cox's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky's diaries is both stimulating and demanding . 
the vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination . 
at about 95 minutes , treasure planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story . however , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with stevenson's tale as well as with earlier disney efforts . 
the date movie that franz kafka would have made . 
the pianist is polanski's best film . 
not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted . 
another best of the year selection . 
a thought-provoking picture . 
 . . . a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway . 
for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their * * * off for an hour-and-a-half . 
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances . . . keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease . 
a tale of horror and revenge that is nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one man's tortured soul . 
a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women . 
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2 , 500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere . 
it's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . 
my big fat greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor . 
it remains to be seen whether statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who says he has to ? 
eight crazy nights is a showcase for sandler's many talents . 
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . 
a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe . 
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie . 
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 
jagger , stoppard and director michael apted . . . deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride . 
a film that will enthrall the whole family . 
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do . 
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . 
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years . 
a slick , engrossing melodrama . 
a woman's pic directed with resonance by ilya chaiken . 
perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film . 
it's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it didn't entirely grab me , but there's stuff here to like . 
 . . . takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport
thanks to the château's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises . 
a surprisingly 'solid' achievement by director malcolm d . lee and writer john ridley . 
there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners can't overcome , but it's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling . 
from both a great and a terrible story , mr . nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience . 
a painfully funny ode to bad behavior . 
with exquisite craftsmanship . . . olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . 
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . 
complex , affecting and uniquely almodóvar , the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong . 
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task . 
a lot of the credit for the film's winning tone must go to grant , who hasn't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him . 
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout . 
for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded . 
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role . 
we know the plot's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish . 
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . 
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible . that , in itself , is extraordinary . 
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters . 
charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie . it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity . 
even with all its botches , enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . 
the film's messages of tolerance and diversity aren't particularly original , but one can't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters . 
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars . 
a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers . 
visually striking and viscerally repellent . 
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera . 
it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide . 
a charming , banter-filled comedy . . . one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface . 
[cho's face is] an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots . 
a carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling--but unquestionably alive . 
much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes . 
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes . 
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller . 
one of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year . 
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who's being conned right up to the finale . 
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they've told a nice little story in the process . 
the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable . 
attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage . 
here , adrian lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get . 
pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins . 
a warm , funny , engaging film . 
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences . 
a hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic french nuance . 
a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow . 
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity . 
what's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . 
one from the heart . 
funny and touching . 
it's a cool event for the whole family . maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again . 
while [roman coppola] scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story . 
flawed but worthy look at life in u . s . relocation camps . 
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways . 
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react . 
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more . 
on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness . 
clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie . 
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance . 
a moving story of determination and the human spirit . 
aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better . 
nair's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances . 
a great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy needn't always make us laugh . tim story's not there yet - but 'barbershop' shows he's on his way . 
a delirious celebration of the female orgasm . 
holm . . . embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma . 
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting . 
this remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise : al pacino loathing robin williams . 
it's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but westbrook's foundation and dalrymple's film earn their uplift . 
the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story's morals . 
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . 
thoughtful , provocative and entertaining . 
cube's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche . 
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits . 
best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . 
the movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes . 
longley has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days . 
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we've long associated with washington the actor . 
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as [jason bourne] . 
bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability . 
cannon's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film's saving graces . 
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun . 
nothing's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away--still , the derivative nine queens is lots of fun . 
baran isn't the most transporting or gripping film from iran -- or , indeed , by its director -- but it's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations . 
it might be 'easier' to watch on video at home , but that shouldn't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience . 
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came . 
the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges . 
it's a lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi . 
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat . 
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels . so , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today's new delhi . 
visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality . 
it's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more . 
it took 19 predecessors to get this ? 
the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all can't stand . 
witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . 
last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . it's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective . 
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) served jews who escaped the holocaust . 
it's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work . 
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong . 
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching . 
it's made with deftly unsettling genre flair . 
an impeccable study in perversity . 
nicolas philibert observes life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern france in his documentary to be and to have , easily one of the best films of the year . 
[f]rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 
a compelling spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession . 
confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis . acting cannot be acted . 
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . 
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world . 
opening with some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends , the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half . 
béart and berling are both superb , while huppert . . . is magnificent . 
one of the smartest takes on singles culture i've seen in a long time . 
well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull . 
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . 
this amiable picture talks tough , but it's all bluster -- in the end it's as sweet as greenfingers . . . 
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor's doorstep . but the actors make this worth a peek . 
this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you hadn't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point . 
for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . 
as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . 
full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 
arguably the best script that besson has written in years . 
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that's there to scare while we delight in the images . 
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery . 
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . it's also , clearly , great fun . 
by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , [jones] calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity . 
turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting . 
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it's a work of enthralling drama . 
the film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable . 
a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart . 
there are as many misses as hits , but ultimately , it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior , and it's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises . 
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy . 
to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr . freud . 
having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , khouri then gets terrific performances from them all . 
doesn't do more than expand a tv show to movie length . however , it's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome . 
psychologically revealing . 
maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements . 
featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great daniel auteuil , " sade " covers the same period as kaufmann's " quills " with more unsettlingly realistic results . 
for more than two decades mr . nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity . 
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel that's better than its predecessor . 
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative . 
vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order . 
más sarcástica , divertida y demencial que su predecesora , es un buen ejemplo de lo que es el cine de entretenimiento puro y sin complejos . 
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line . 
a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction ! 
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed . 
more vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it's inoffensive and actually rather sweet . 
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling . 
i liked this film a lot . . . 
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 
its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it's too slowly paced to be a thriller . [but it's] worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by michael caine and brendan fraser . 
miyazaki's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout . 
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes . 
a witty , trenchant , wildly unsentimental but flawed look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking . 
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director's travel through 300 years of russian history . 
godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence . 
the delicious trimmings…arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute…with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two . 
whereas oliver stone's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity . 
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . 
lovely and amazing is holofcener's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you . 
'enigma' is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of 'we were soldiers . '
a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival . 
as a belated nod to some neglected all-stars , standing in the shadows of motown is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining . 
what makes this film special is serry's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context . 
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is . 
the farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one . 
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny . 
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii
if you're not totally weirded- out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle , quitting hits home with disorienting force . 
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe . 
nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you . he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . 
 . . . either you're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you're not . 
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic . 
in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century . . . takes kurys' career to a whole new level . 
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord . 
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard . 
the entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what's available is lovely and lovable . 
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable . 
feardotcom's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work . 
the film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry . 
quite funny for the type of movie it is . . . 
ms . fulford-wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating lolita turn . 
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad . 
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony . but it's worth the concentration . 
the year's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way . 
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack . . . and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable . 
thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic . 
but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde's droll whimsy helps " being earnest " overcome its weaknesses and parker's creative interference . . . 
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to . 
[moore's] better at fingering problems than finding solutions . but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 
fred schepisi's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point . 
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago . . . has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency . 
 . . . mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern beijing culture in a journey of rebellion , retreat into oblivion and return . 
the inspirational screenplay by mike rich covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end . 
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . 
windtalkers blows this way and that , but there's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself . 
i found myself liking the film , though in this case one man's treasure could prove to be another man's garbage . 
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that isn't just offensive -- it also happens to be good . 
these are lives worth watching , paths worth following . 
even through its flaws , revolution #9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film . 
manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer . 
adam sandler ! in an art film ! 
how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood . it's an actor's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones . 
a quiet , pure , elliptical film
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez . 
it's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just can't take it any more . 
it's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . 
candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work . 
streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , " big trouble " is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter . 
a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith's next movie . 
foster and whitaker are especially fine . she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew . 
what better message than 'love thyself' could young women of any size receive ? 
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge . 
contrived as this may sound , mr . rose's updating works surprisingly well . 
travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment . 
the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times . 
[a] satisfying niblet . 
 " punch-drunk love " is a little like a chocolate milk moustache . . . 
seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil . 
ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible . 
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man's dying fall . 
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show . 
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation . 
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . 
the stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for euro-film pretension . 
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed . 
see it . debate it . remember it . 
the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . 
good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of european , american and asian influences . 
there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings . 
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann's revolution no . 9 . 
you won't believe much of it , but you will laugh at the audacity , at the who's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all . 
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d . 
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones . 
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies . 
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful . 
without [de niro] , city by the sea would slip under the waves . he drags it back , single-handed . 
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . 
george clooney proves he's quite a talented director and sam rockwell shows us he's a world-class actor with confessions of a dangerous mind . 
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought . 
it's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you don't try to look too deep into the story
possession is elizabeth barrett browning meets nancy drew , and it's directed by . . . neil labute . hmm . 
an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion . 
 . . . is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality . 
a lighthearted , feel-good film that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love . 
heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple's moral ascension . 
both heartbreaking and heartwarming . . . just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it's tremendously moving . 
although german cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world's best cuisine , mostly martha could make deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists . 
an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone . 
it is scott's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph . 
it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . 
a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution . 
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday . 
nohe's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he isn't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction . 
cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio . 
jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth can't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting . 
…an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle . 
'barbershop " is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . 
el peso de un líquido incoloro , el peso del líquido vital , del amor como elemento de vida , y de muerte . . . 
a little better than sorcerer's stone . 
you don't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable b-minus to the emperor's club . 
finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less . 
this film puts wang at the forefront of china's sixth generation of film makers . 
with the film's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved . 
the film is painfully authentic , and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing . 
assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong's versatile stanley kwan . 
as a witness to several greek-american weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none -- i can testify to the comparative accuracy of ms . vardalos' memories and insights . 
' . . . a great , participatory spectator sport . '
there's no reason to miss interview with the assassin
a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie . 
interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steals 'red dragon' right from under their noses . 
deflated ending aside , there's much to recommend the film . 
fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way . . . that feels very human and very true to life . 
it provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1 . 2 million palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of gaza . 
a worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant 'co-stars . '
this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground . 
don't judge this one too soon - it's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going . 
as blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , el bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance . 
it's not particularly subtle . . . however , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion . 
what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness . 
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation . 
effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience . 
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies . 
energetic and boldly provocative . 
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic . 
a . . . cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers . 
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone . 
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 
does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively . 
like its two predecessors , 1983's koyaanisqatsi and 1988's powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever . 
it may . . . work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns . 
a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors . 
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . 
like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . 
a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness . 
i loved the look of this film . 
a thinly veiled look at different aspects of chinese life clashing with each other . 
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are . . . an amusing little catch . 
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . 
director benoit jacquot , making his first opera-to-film translation with tosca , conveys the heaving passion of puccini's famous love-jealousy- murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation . 
harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness . 
although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . 
there's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one . 
a pleasing , often-funny comedy . 
eerily accurate depiction of depression . 
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome . 
likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer . 
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , " a walk to remember " succeeds through sincerity . 
captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper . 
the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound . the hours is what movies are supposed to be . . . 
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made . 
it's an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part . 
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh . not as good as the original , but what is . . . 
thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun . 
seeing seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but . 
[jeff's] gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent . 
the special effects and many scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original , while the oscar-winning sound and james horner's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system . 
infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane . 
a comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience . 
about schmidt is nicholson's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear . 
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle . 
the quiet american isn't a bad film , it's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar . 
'tobey maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 
irwin is so earnest that it's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . there are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy . 
edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any mtv puffery . 
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here . 
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being . 
it's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal . 
one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video work . 
nervy and sensitive , it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives hollywood . 
amazing ! a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing ! 
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work . 
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart . 
the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielberg's schindler's list . but mr . polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr . spielberg's 1993 classic . 
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board . 
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters . 
although estela bravo's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it's still a guilty pleasure to watch . 
oh , james ! your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna's cameo doesn't suck ! 
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . 
post 9/11 the philosophical message of " personal freedom first " might not be as palatable as intended . 
it's a pleasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock , garry shandling and colin quinn . 
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world . 
on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it weren't such a clever adaptation of the bard's tragic play . 
combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why didn't hollywood think of this sooner ? 
broomfield turns his distinctive 'blundering' style into something that could really help clear up the case . 
charming and witty , it's also somewhat clumsy . 
cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . 
more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . 
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff . 
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer juan josé campanella's reputation in the united states . 
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date . 
suspend your disbelief here and now , or you'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits . 
writer/director mark romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in america . it's a scathing portrayal . 
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than " memento " 
the movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting . 
watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it . 
vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all . 
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp . 
the best movie of its kind since 'brazil . ' lucas , take notes . this is how you use special effects . 
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot . 
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life . delight your senses and crash this wedding ! 
this is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story's a little weak . 
a difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear . 
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film's problems . 
manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . 
thurman and lewis are hilarious throughout . 
with elements cribbed from lang's metropolis , welles' kane , and eisenstein's potemkin , the true wonder of rintarô's metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own . 
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . 
 . . . begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot . 
the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers . 
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 
the film starts out as competent but unremarkable . . . and gradually grows into something of considerable power . 
full frontal is the antidote for soderbergh fans who think he's gone too commercial since his two oscar nominated films in 2000
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling . they just don't work in concert . 
É uma pena que , mais tarde , o próprio filme abandone o tom de paródia e passe a utilizar os mesmos clichês que havia satirizado . 
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 
forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of friday-night excitement and milla power . 
 . . . a solid , unassuming drama . 
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud . 
[woo's] most resonant film since the killer . 
it deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons . 
a worthy entry into a very difficult genre . 
it's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller . 
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well . 
the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet . 
a bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror . 
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich . 
it's rare to find a film to which the adjective 'gentle' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette . 
good , solid storytelling . 
one funny popcorn flick . 
a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists . 
a masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview . 
there's much tongue in cheek in the film and there's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all . 
intimate and panoramic . 
claude chabrol's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements . 
fast and funny , an action cartoon that's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd . 
i whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie-- for its historical significance alone . 
tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu . 
it's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children . 
one of creepiest , scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling blair witch or the others . 
disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical " bedknobs and broomsticks , " which also dealt with british children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime . 
if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative . 
shamelessly resorting to pee-related sight gags that might even cause tom green a grimace ; still , myer's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail
sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation . 
i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies . 
the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be . 
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . 
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics . 
a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done . 
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he'll be your slave for a year . 
it's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing . 
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue . 
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . what's left is a rich stew of longing . 
worse than 'silence of the lambs' better than 'hannibal'
there's plenty to impress about e . t . 
its direction , its script , and weaver's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that's what you're in the mood for . 
you'll get the enjoyable basic minimum . but not a whit more . 
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending . 
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . 
you can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling . 
labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 
chicago pode até ser um filme divertido e cativante ( como é ) , mas acaba representando um passo que vai na direção contrária à evolução dos musicais . 
morton is , as usual , brilliant . 
like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . 
it's a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness , while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene . 
idiotic and ugly . 
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary . 
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record . 
thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began . 
the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air . 
in the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , like mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency . 
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story . 
at its best , which occurs often , michael moore's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the 'are we a sick society ? ' journalism of the 1960s . 
this is not a retread of " dead poets' society . " 
mr . parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom . 
a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world . 
this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny . 
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna . 
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted- from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 
audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film's tart , sugar-free wit . 
as a tolerable diversion , the film suffices ; a triumph , however , it is not . 
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it's potentially just as rewarding . 
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact . 
if you're not into the pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years won't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open . but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi . 
10 minutes into the film you'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away . 
an unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection . 
like kissing jessica stein , amy's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . 
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it . 
director andrew niccol . . . demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . his healthy sense of satire is light and fun . . . . 
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie's most admirable quality
nettelbeck . . . has a pleasing way with a metaphor . 
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
[fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall] show us the world they love and make us love it , too . 
if this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you can't wait to see what happens next . 
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era . 
jae-eun jeong's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema . 
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 
the film is saved from aren't-kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that isn't faked and a stately sense of composition . 
critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps . 
filled with alexandre desplat's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience . 
an uplifting , near-masterpiece . 
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy . 
a " black austin powers ? " i prefer to think of it as " pootie tang with a budget . " sa da tay ! 
funny but perilously slight . 
there is greatness here . 
unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises . 
the movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that's all too rare in hollywood's hastier productions . 
the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . 
just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing . 
an important movie , a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values . 
schütte's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close . 
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play . 
 . . . the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . 
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year's very best pictures . 
there has to be a few advantages to never growing old . like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you're over 100 . 
 " red dragon " is entertaining . an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ? but it is entertaining on an inferior level . it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . 
this is pure , exciting moviemaking . you won't exactly know what's happening but you'll be blissfully exhausted . 
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action . 
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy . 
barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful . 
this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what [evans] had , lost , and got back . 
with its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , bloody sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in derry . 
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children . 
'almodóvar logra un filme entrañable , lleno de compasión , comprensión , amor , amistad , esperanza y humanidad que es sencillamente inolvidable . '
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background . 
delirious fun . 
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness . 
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie's darker turns . 
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china . 
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue . 
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling . 
this may be burns's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen . 
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself . 
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature . 
though it never rises to its full potential as a film , still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed . 
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore . 
 . . . by the time it's done with us , mira nair's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over . 
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie . . . without neglecting character development for even one minute . 
it may seem long at 110 minutes if you're not a fan , because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert . 
 . . . manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal . 
watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power . 
it's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . 
continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means . 
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 
unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling . 
other than the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , everything else is top shelf . 
all the actors are good in pauline & paulette but van der groen , described as 'belgium's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as pauline . 
it's sweet . it's funny . it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt . and , thanks to the presence of 'the king , ' it also rocks . 
the movie's eventual success should be credited to dennis quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . 
an absorbing , slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true . 
a simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them . 
 . . . spiced with humor ( 'i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( silver's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around ) 
secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie . 
so original in its base concept that you cannot help but get caught up . 
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . it's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing can't possibly be enough . 
a tour de force of modern cinema . 
depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles . 
others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that 'the urge to destroy is also a creative urge' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched . 
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade . 
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film . 
the smartest bonehead comedy of the summer . 
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman's tragic odyssey . 
solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike . 
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it isn't . 
 " extreme ops " exceeds expectations . good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . 
the film's plot may be shallow , but you've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots . 
tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth . 
watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy . 
kaufman and jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing . 
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal . 
i'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . i liked it just enough . 
this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film . and just when you think it can't get any more gay , in pops nathan lane . 
 . . . in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it doesn't disappoint . 
 . . . the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor . . . 
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get . 
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers . 
what bloody sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion . 
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity . 
though it is by no means his best work , laissez-passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them . 
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child . 
' . . . mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '
an intoxicating experience . 
if you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in , sweet home alabama is diverting in the manner of jeff foxworthy's stand-up act . 
it will break your heart many times over . 
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances . 
lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless . 
stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 
so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise * * * . 
jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory . 
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority . 
sure , it's more of the same , but as the film proves , that's not always a bad thing . 
it's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters . 
the film sometimes flags . . . but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace . 
it's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile . 
[an] hilarious romantic comedy . 
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity . 
while undercover brother is definitely one for the masses , it's also full of sharp , smart satire . 
sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling . and in this regard , on guard delivers . 
though jackson doesn't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees . 
this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are . 
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust . 
like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness . 
a difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present . 
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it's really well directed . 
this is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable . 
a french film with a more down-home flavor . 
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise . 
a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original . this is a story of two misfits who don't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent . 
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing . 
the film oozes craft . 
the story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that's rare in film today , but be warned : it's a slow slog to get there . 
sparse but oddly compelling . 
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense . the ring never lets you off the hook . 
wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars
maud and roland's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but labute pulls off a neater trick in possession : he makes language sexy . 
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning . 
one of those rare , exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind . 
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we're never sure how things will work out . 
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown . 
vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores . 
drug abuse , infidelity and death aren't usually comedy fare , but turpin's film allows us to chuckle through the angst . 
none of his actors stand out , but that's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : characterization matters less than atmosphere . 
a movie with a real anarchic flair . 
it won't bust your gut -- and it's not intended to -- it's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke . 
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor . a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda . 
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life . 
a disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by philip glass . 
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise . 
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea . 
my little eye is the best little " horror " movie i've seen in years . 
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun . 
a thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action . still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . 
while not quite " shrek " or monsters , inc . " , it's not too bad . it's worth taking the kids to . 
it's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good . 
a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard's finest work . 
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . their work is fantastic . 
ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer's memory . 
filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world's democracie
it's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original . 
[sports] admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency . 
if you don't flee , you might be seduced . if you don't laugh , flee . 
a visionary marvel , but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this . 
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope . 
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . 
 . . . less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population's shrugging acceptance to each new horror . 
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls . 
birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments . 
the film's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it's propelled by the acting . 
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that didn't sell many records but helped change a nation . 
gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive . 
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep . 
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work . 
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing . 
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
a behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that's made a difference to nyc inner-city youth . 
the band's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) . 
the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history . 
it's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son's room . 
 . . . a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor . 
there's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl . 
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood . 
the tenderness of the piece is still intact . 
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement . 
while locals will get a kick out of spotting cleveland sites , the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning coen brothers envious . 
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out . 
feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens . 
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie . . . is , also , frequently hilarious . 
despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 
a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances . 
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale . 
very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary . 
although it doesn't always hang together -- violence and whimsy don't combine easily -- " cherish " certainly isn't dull . 
if it's unnerving suspense you're after -- you'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for . 
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story . 
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity . 
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play . 
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction . 
[stephen] earnhart's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have . 
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself . 
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness . 
it uses an old-time formula , it's not terribly original and it's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie my big fat greek wedding . 
when it's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , " real women have curves " is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . 
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire . 
a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem . 
a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers . . . 
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor . 
as averse as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , this one got to me . 
it's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . 
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . it's a masterpeice . 
a savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in america's culture of fear . 
sweetly sexy , funny and touching . 
what doesn't this film have that an impressionable kid couldn't stand to hear ? 
a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race . 
the film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today's cinema du sarcasm
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there . 
i don't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he's made at least one damn fine horror movie . 
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . it's sort of in-between , and it works . 
lan yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree . 
harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories . 
crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action . 
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them . 
beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes . 
an epic of grandeur and scale that's been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of hollywood . 
polished , well-structured film . 
[næs] directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage . 
abderrahmane sissako's heremakono ( waiting for happiness ) is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the west african coast struggling against foreign influences . 
an intelligent , moving and invigorating film . 
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . it's a great performance and a reminder of dickens' grandeur . 
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart . 
there are a couple of things that elevate " glory " above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall . 
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . 
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that . 
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style . 
the film's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled . but … in trying to capture the novel's deeper intimate resonances , the film has – ironically - distanced us from the characters . 
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . 
a lovably old-school hollywood confection . 
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries . 
a small gem from belgium . 
a movie that at its best doesn't just make the most out of its characters' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection . 
in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve . 
like other great documentaries . . . this goes after one truth ( the ford administration's complicity in tearing 'orphans' from their mothers ) and stumbles upon others even more compelling . 
effective but too-tepid biopic
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success . 
frida's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it's among the most breathtakingly designed films i've ever seen . 
it's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that's actually sort of amazing . 
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites . 
a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman . 
if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing . 
not a bad choice here , assuming that . . . the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly . 
in the director's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes . 
the weakest of the four harry potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins . 
even if you don't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . 
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales . 
a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds . 
the am-radio soundtrack and game cast -- tierney and the inimitable walken especially -- keep this unusual comedy from choking on its own conceit . 
a recent favourite at sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppard's pyromania . 
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause . 
the film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience . it has fun being grown up . 
highly watchable stuff . 
it might be tempting to regard mr . andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but mr . earnhart's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists . 
what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . still , i'm not quite sure what the point is…
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon . 
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
halloween : resurrection isn't exactly quality cinema , but it isn't nearly as terrible as it cold have been . 
light the candles , bring out the cake and don't fret about the calories because there's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat . 
a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili . 
the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . 
novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach . 
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve . . . as far as art is concerned , it's mission accomplished . 
throughout , mr . audiard's direction is fluid and quick . 
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty . 
a pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film . 
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds . 
you don't need to know your ice-t's from your cool-j's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california . 
sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna doesn't suck as an actress . 
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done . it's a scorcher . 
provides the kind of 'laugh therapy' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . after seeing 'analyze that , ' i feel better already . 
the values that have held the enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure . 
has a solid emotional impact . 
a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it doesn't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world . 
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes . 
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality . 
[ramsay] visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor . 
if you're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you -– decasia
an average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son's discovery of his homosexuality . 
it shows us a slice of life that's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable . 
frailty isn't as gory or explicit . but in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing . 
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes . 
a whole lot foul , freaky and funny . 
it's not just a feel-good movie , it's a feel movie . you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did . 
time changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams . 
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling . 
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france . 
ultimate x is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to espn the magazine . 
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake . 
the performances are an absolute joy . 
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life . 
the terrific and bewilderingly underrated campbell scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing . 
insomnia is involving . still , i thought it could have been more . 
there's an energy to y tu mamá también . much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors . 
hayek is stunning as frida and . . . a star-making project . 
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity . 
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon . 
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand . his work with actors is particularly impressive . 
visually captivating . 
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice . 
 . . . an enjoyably frothy 'date movie' . . . 
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness . 
exhilarating , funny and fun . 
though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . 
 . . . a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take . 
an animation landmark as monumental as disney's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs . 
if borstal boy isn't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece . 
in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 
finally , the french-produced " read my lips " is a movie that understands characters must come first . 
there has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes . i believe the message is in the messenger : the agent is a woman . 
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie . . . tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life . 
it's all about anakin . . . and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect . 
belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film . 
the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal . 
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others . 
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street . 
the film will appeal to discovery channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses . 
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie doesn't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome . 
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare's plays . 
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity . 
for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 
while the story's undeniably hard to follow , iwai's gorgeous visuals seduce . 
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of . 
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material . 
cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate vincent's days
what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb . 
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf . 
a quietly reflective and melancholy new zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13-year-old girl's life . 
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining . 
by and large this is mr . kilmer's movie , and it's his strongest performance since the doors . 
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that cannot be denied . 
though the film is static , its writer-director's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . 
even though the film doesn't manage to hit all of its marks , it's still entertaining to watch the target practice . 
lasker's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther . . . realize they can't get no satisfaction without the latter . 
chris columbus' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original . 
 . . . a roller-coaster ride of a movie
adaptation is simply brilliant . 
it is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival . 
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it's in danger of going wrong . 
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close . 
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation . 
this is simply the most fun you'll ever have with a documentary ! 
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if " gory mayhem " is your idea of a good time . 
the perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide . 
a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 
p . t . anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible . 
must be seen to be believed . 
it won't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee . 
this starts off with a 1950's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over . 
visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction . 
nair's cast is so large it's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion . 
it's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood . 
arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . 
if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . you'll probably love it . 
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters — damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . 
a quiet treasure -- a film to be savored . 
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense . 
goofy , nutty , consistently funny . and educational ! 
the determination of pinochet's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop . 
in a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel . but in imax 3-d , the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography . 
the rare movie that's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it's based . 
despite its flaws . . . belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . 
 . . . a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture . 
going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through . 
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone . 
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it . 
much of the movie's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo . their computer-animated faces are very expressive . 
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . 
the heightened symmetry of this new/old cinema paradiso makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time . 
the movie isn't always easy to look at . but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here . 
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough . 
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice . 
it's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series . 
it's the type of film about growing up that we don't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least . 
a big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler that delivers its diversions in grand , uncomplicated fashion . 
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman . 
an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre . 
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage " be careful what you wish for " is given a full workout . 
it's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer . 
if you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , wasabi is a good place to start . 
it's a rare window on an artistic collaboration . 
a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities . instead , he shows them the respect they are due . 
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen . 
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day . 
it's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties . 
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 
one of the film's most effective aspects is its tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret . 
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day . 
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame . 
a movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship lil' bow wow . 
it's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers don't make often enough . 
directed with purpose and finesse by england's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . 
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza . 
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . 
it's another retelling of alexandre dumas' classic . why ? who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds . 
a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 . 
the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly . 
a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty . 
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling . 
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . 
the saturation bombing of reggio's images and glass' evocative music . . . ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning . 
nair doesn't use [monsoon wedding] to lament the loss of culture . instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 
it's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen . 
a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty . 
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin . 
the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki's spirited away survives intact in bv's re-voiced version . 
in its own floundering way , it gets to you . just like igby . 
provide[s] nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue . 
shiner can certainly go the distance , but isn't world championship material
don't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you don't have kids borrow some . 
twist open the ouzo ! it's time to let your hair down – greek style . a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe . 
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded . 
escapism in its purest form . 
an exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , minority report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 
there is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure . 
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 
it all adds up to good fun . 
there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country . 
it's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it doesn't take itself so deadly seriously . 
its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time . 
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they can't go wrong . better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel . 
 . . . gripping and handsome execution , ( but ) there isn't much about k-19 that's unique or memorable . 
there aren't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs . the big guys . 
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity . 
like most bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike . a heavy reliance on cgi technology is beginning to creep into the series . 
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness . . . but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty . 
a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life . 
stevenson's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination . 
defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to believe in it . but darned if it doesn't also keep us riveted to our seats . 
one feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism . 
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point . 
the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess . 
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer's block ever . 
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression . 
my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie . 
 . . . a magnificent drama well worth tracking down . 
this clever caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences . 
 . . . digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations . 
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular . 
an impressive hybrid . 
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he's the best brush in the business . 
the setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of " intacto's " dangerous and seductively stylish game . 
bow's best moments are when he's getting busy on the basketball court because that's when he really scores . 
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin' . 
the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh's three lead actresses . 
el título no engaña : la película narra una historia donde una mujer enfrentará cierta realidad , y donde el sexo es . . . 
add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney's a good director . 
kinnear gives a tremendous performance . 
a highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle , and by the end , we only wish we could have spent more time in its world . 
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . 
 . . . one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages . . . 
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick
the 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you can't fight your culture . 
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching . . . gives a human face to what's often discussed in purely abstract terms . 
the way coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining . 
an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick . 
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger . should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike . 
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see . 
building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise . 
although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds , there's no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun . 
it inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental 'picture shows . '
a smart , witty follow-up . 
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception . 
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 
rubbo's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy . 
[hawn's character]is so bluntly written , without a trace of sentimentality , and so blisteringly defined , that every other character seems overlooked and underwritten . 
it's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas . 
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany's democratic weimar republic . 
thanks to scott's charismatic roger and eisenberg's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men . 
writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . 
a masterpiece four years in the making . 
this surreal gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes . a rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers . 
vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs . 
[a] thoughtful , visually graceful work . 
as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair . but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . 
will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . 
a smart , compelling drama . 
cho's latest comic set isn't as sharp or as fresh as i'm the one that i want . . . but it's still damn funny stuff . 
though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static . 
as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 
the kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you . 
 " home movie " is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book . 
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no . 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience . 
ozpetek joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled . 
no , it's not as single-minded as john carpenter's original , but it's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels . 
is it a total success ? no . is it something any true film addict will want to check out ? you bet . 
the best part about " gangs " was daniel day-lewis . 
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film . 
looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in jane hamilton's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . 
among the year's most intriguing explorations of alientation . 
smith's point is simple and obvious -- people's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers . 
if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though . . . you will likely enjoy this monster . 
beneath clouds is a succinct low-budget film whose compelling characters and intelligent script are exactly what was missing from rabbit-proof fence . 
exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven… [the film] addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce . 
knows how to make our imagination wonder . 
it's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it isn't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers . 
a hip ride into hyper-time , clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time . 
a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats . 
yes , it's as good as you remember . in fact , even better . 
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last . 
who is the audience for cletis tout ? anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed . 
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy . 
the film is darkly atmospheric , with herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath hearst's forced avuncular chortles . 
a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . there isn't a weak or careless performance amongst them . 
offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication . 
jones . . . makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $1 . 8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart . 
a captivating new film . 
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy . 
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman's similarly updated 1970 british production . 
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 
bill morrison's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 
a tremendous piece of work . 
i enjoyed time of favor while i was watching it , but i was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory . 
works because we're never sure if ohlinger's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks . 
there's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache . 
like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well . 
we can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer . 
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script . 
my thoughts were focused on the characters . that is a compliment to kuras and miller . if i had been thinking about the visual medium , they would have been doing something wrong . 
the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers . 
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well . 
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise . 
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended . 
this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
i have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration , but i've got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than i want to believe . 
bleakly funny , its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves . 
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . but mostly it's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula . 
the modern remake of dumas's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action . 
it's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the marks family . 
with few respites , marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it . 
it's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure . 
at the film's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , michel piccoli . 
daughter from danang is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who aren't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war . 
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film . 
you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week . 
a moving and important film . 
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 
it's [ricci's] best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world's misery with blind good will . 
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble . 
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s . 
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime . 
[reynolds] takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . 
this is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be . 
jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used . 
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming . 
there's not much to fatale , outside of its stylish surprises . . . but that's ok . 
there aren't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but " elling " manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year's most enjoyable releases . 
you won't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies . 
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian . 
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time . 
grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback's heidegger- and nietzsche-referencing dialogue . 
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 
the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 
if you're part of her targeted audience , you'll cheer . otherwise , maybe . 
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic . 
what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 
 . . . even if you've never heard of chaplin , you'll still be glued to the screen . 
a work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense . 
if you're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you're in luck . 
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing . 
i admired this work a lot . 
together writer-director danny verete's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie . 
working from elliott's memoir , rohmer fashions the sort of delicate , articulate character- and- relationship study he's favored for decades . 
[shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . 
the film has several strong performances . 
if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like 'masterpiece theatre' type costumes , you'll enjoy this movie . 
once you get into its rhythm . . . the movie becomes a heady experience . 
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age . 
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story . 
[an] absorbing documentary . 
one scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce . 
the old-world- meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco bollywood that , by the end of monsoon wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater . 
the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance . 
es una de esas películas de las que uno sale reconfortado , agradecido , genuinamente sorprendido . 
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here . 
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one . 
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale . 
has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested . 
it's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best 'old neighborhood' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists . 
manages to delight without much of a story . 
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise . 
as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . 
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up . 
fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven ; others need not necessarily apply . 
henry bean's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children . 
blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time . 
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry . 
daring and beautifully made . 
fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 
a spunky , original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages . 
there's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . 
noyce's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective . 
the visuals alone make metropolis worth seeing . 
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but . . . also one of the most curiously depressing . 
an infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy . 
there's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why . 
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it . 
this illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the holy land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath . 
a graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined . 
almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent . 
whatever complaints i might have , i'd take [its] earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor's club any time . 
very well-written and very well-acted . 
there's something auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like steven spielberg to follow a . i . with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority . 
 a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we're all in this together . 
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed . 
it is far from the worst , thanks to the topical issues it raises , the performances of stewart and hardy , and that essential feature -- a decent full-on space battle . 
people cinema at its finest . 
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture . 
it's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . 
the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun . 
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and isn't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience . 
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies . 
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film . 
ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining . 
you should pay nine bucks for this : because you can hear about suffering afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected . dramas like this make it human . 
gran historia sobre el amor , la familia , la lealtad y la traición que seguramente se convertirá en un nuevo clásico del género . 
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi . 
the film is all a little lit crit 101 , but it's extremely well played and often very funny . 
mostly martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it's a pleasurable trifle . the only pain you'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub . 
a modest masterpiece . 
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings . 
pan nalin's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic . 
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael . 
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . 
red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs . 
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . if you're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse . 
for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . 
gloriously goofy ( and gory ) midnight movie stuff . 
what " empire " lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart . 
it's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period . 
with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast . 
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men . 
waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality . 
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures . 
polished korean political-action film is just as good -- and bad -- as hollywood action epics . is this progress ? 
full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience . 
lathan and diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new . 
if the count of monte cristo doesn't transform caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago . 
at its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood . 
[a] wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting . 
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death . 
biggie and tupac is so single-mindedly daring , it puts far more polished documentaries to shame . 
barry convinces us he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 
it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing . 
you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie's failings . 
k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . 
greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past , and he is matched by schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders . 
it's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides . 
a film in a class with spike lee's masterful do the right thing . 
the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 
throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love's brief moment . 
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . if horses could fly , this is surely what they'd look like . 
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort . 
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 ½ weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema . 
baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within . 
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park's . 
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve . 
count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater . 
it's never dull and always looks good . 
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . paul cox needed to show it . it is up to you to decide if you need to see it . 
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . 
like dickens with his passages , mcgrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel . 
a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance . 
schrader examines crane's decline with unblinking candor . 
you needn't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes' work . though haynes' style apes films from the period . . . its message is not rooted in that decade . 
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . 
if you dig on david mamet's mind tricks . . . rent this movie and enjoy ! 
this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer's star trek vi : the undiscovered country . 
the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats' perspective . 
nair doesn't treat the issues lightly . she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly . 
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema . 
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 
there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2--quite a rarity , even in the family film market . eventually , it wins you over . 
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession – one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom . 
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work . 
a chick flick for guys . 
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia . 
the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission . 
it's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds . 
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that . 
robert harmon's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in -the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film's thick shadows . 
made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age . . . and then only as a very mild rental . 
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . 
newton draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , mark wahlberg . 
a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie . 
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene's prose , and it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american . 
the son's room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos . 
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph . 
[has] an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it's all true . 
with 'bowling for columbine , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . 
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion . 
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we'd live in if argento's hollywood counterparts . . . had this much imagination and nerve . 
what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking . 
the story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there's a certain style and wit to the dialogue . 
marvelous , merry and , yes , melancholy film . 
it's fairly self-aware in its dumbness . 
it's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave . 
but this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it's about a very human one . 
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos . 
 " its successes are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right . " 
the heat of the moment prevails . it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle . 
earns its laughs from stock redneck 'types' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing . 
goes a long way on hedonistic gusto . 
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships . 
more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again . 
it ain't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains . 
a potent allegorical love story . 
the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart . 
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted " other . " 
sometimes this 'blood' seems as tired as its protagonist . . . still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game . 
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles . 
may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow . 
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of…emotional recovery . 
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . 
effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . 
i know i shouldn't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old . 
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham . 
this movie has the usual impossible stunts . . . but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie . 
 . . . while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey doesn't really go anywhere . 
you might not want to hang out with samantha , but you'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story . 
 . . . a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . 
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 
it's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . 
visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it's the very definition of epic adventure . 
 . . . a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department . 
what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we've shared a great adventure . 
for the first time in years , de niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars . 
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i'm all for that . 
you could love safe conduct ( laissez passer ) for being a subtitled french movie that is 170 minutes long . you could hate it for the same reason . 
extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . 
if your taste runs to 'difficult' films you absolutely can't miss it . 
though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes . 
like a poor man's you can count on me
the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in 'baran . '
it's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can . 
it's a movie -- and an album -- you won't want to miss . 
i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson . 
a cop story that understands the medium amazingly well . 
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . 
goyer's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast . 
the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment . 
while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there's much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls can't swim . 
mike white's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make " " the good girl " a film worth watching . 
while mcfarlane's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films . . . it's also so jarring that it's hard to get back into the boys' story . 
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards . 
although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense . 
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere . 
the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be . 
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it's still a rollicking good time for the most part . 
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it's awfully entertaining to watch . 
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers . 
it's jagger's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite . 
true tale of courage -- and complicity -- at auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable . 
an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss . 
instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life . 
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral--and , hence , more chillingly effective . 
ozpetek's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie . 
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard's immortal plays were written by somebody else . 
a beautiful paean to a time long past . 
meyjes' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil . 
there's . . . tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate . 
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain . 
from blushing to gushing---imamura squirts the screen in ‘warm water under a red bridge'
oscar wilde's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century . it's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker's movie adaptation . 
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke . 
the tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons . 
my wife's plotting is nothing special ; it's the delivery that matters here . 
i have two words to say about reign of fire . great dragons ! 
spend your benjamins on a matinee . 
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at . 
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers . 
if mr . zhang's subject matter is , to some degree at least , quintessentially american , his approach to storytelling might be called iranian . 
a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic . 
makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man's greatness . 
manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time . 
my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style it's virtually its own hollywood remake . 
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty . 
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings . 
an impressive debut for first-time writer-director mark romanek , especially considering his background is in music video . 
the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread . 
ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance . . . 
uno de los policiales más interesantes de los últimos tiempos . 
this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border . 
whether or not you're enlightened by any of derrida's lectures on " the other " and " the self , " derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . 
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film . 
disney's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem . 
helps to remind the first world that hiv/aids is far from being yesterday's news . 
the funny thing is , i didn't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit . 
there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works . 
obligada para impotentes , daneses , camareras italianas , profesores de idiomas , y todo aquel que desee una lengua para expresar su amor . 
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula . 
while broomfield's film doesn't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . 
an amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction . 
huppert's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women's augustine . 
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office . 
the best way to describe it is as a cross between paul thomas anderson's magnolia and david lynch's mulholland dr . 
goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse . 
 . . . a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll . 
it is amusing , and that's all it needs to be . 
this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery . 
decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like . the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful . 
a pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking . 
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest . 
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . 
canadian filmmaker gary burns' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city . 
very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan
as expected , sayles' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances . 
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem . 
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions . 
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness . 
this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected . in fact , it's quite fun in places . 
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee . 
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it weren't . 
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement . 
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
i'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . 
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . 
efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug . 
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho . 
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson . . . 
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids . 
occasionally , in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new . 
smarter than its commercials make it seem . 
if you're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you're at the right film . 
the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side . 
a wonderful character-based comedy . 
the film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people . 
for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . 
will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them . 
[hayek] throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo . 
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language . 
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . not to mention absolutely refreshed . 
stuart's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of snowball's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating . but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert . 
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects . 
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves . 
beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness . 
in death to smoochy , we don't get williams' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing . 
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day . 
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . 
it's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that's been given the drive of a narrative and that's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work . 
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer . 
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we're seeing something purer than the real thing . 
one of the pleasures in walter's documentary . . . is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject's mysterious personality without ever explaining him . 
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm . 
whether [binoche and magimel] are being charming or angst-ridden , they easily fill their scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the hysteria . 
the results , if not memorable , are at least interesting . 
there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . 
[d]oesn't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful . 
 " it's all about the image . " 
the performances are uniformly good . 
as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , 'lovely ! brilliant ! '
a fun ride . 
while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer's appetite , the film's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving . 
were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year . 
as well-acted and well-intentioned as all or nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good . 
 . . . flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags . 
this english-language version . . . does full honor to miyazaki's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters . 
it's soulful and unslick , and that's apparently just what [aniston] has always needed to grow into a movie career . 
a gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching . 
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker . it must be in the genes . 
this isn't exactly profound cinema , but it's good-natured and sometimes quite funny . 
more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original . 
it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he's been making for the last several years . 
beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama . 
i'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute . 
surprisingly powerful and universal . 
[kline's] utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who can't quite live up to it . 
lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist . 
at heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance . 
grown-up quibbles are beside the point here . the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that's all that matters . 
by the end of the movie , you're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . 
pull[s] off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel . 
apart from its own considerable achievement , metropolis confirms tezuka's status as both the primary visual influence on the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience . 
the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs . 
a chilling movie without oppressive gore . 
 " simone " is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . 
starts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end . it's still worth a look . 
it's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured . 
morvern rocks . 
creeps you out in high style , even if nakata did it better . 
a coda in every sense , the pinochet case splits time between a minute-by-minute account of the british court's extradition chess game and the regime's talking-head survivors . 
it's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart . 
hoffman notches in the nuances of pain , but his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile ( emphasized here ) accent the humor of wilson's plight , and that saves his pathos from drippiness . 
like its predecessor , it's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate . 
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . 
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 
there's a lot of tooth in roger dodger . but what's nice is that there's a casual intelligence that permeates the script . 
fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
like a south-of-the-border melrose place . 
 . . . creates a visceral sense of its characters' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above . . . what could have been a melodramatic , lifetime channel-style anthology . 
the bourne identity is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups . 
drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . 
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian . . . life . 
the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor . 
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings . 
 " 13 conversations " holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point . 
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . 
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers . 
if you haven't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg's work . much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments . . . 
leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good , but not here . matters play out realistically if not always fairly . 
though not for everyone , the guys is a somber trip worth taking . 
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy . 
an almost unbearably morbid love story . 
it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth . 
open-minded kids -- kids who read , kids who dream -- will be comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny . 
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community . 
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up's i'm the one that i want . 
entertains by providing good , lively company . 
it's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul . 
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated . 
the film's strength isn't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears . 
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives . 
an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that bille august does best . 
this is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them . 
ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much . 
they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness . and we don't avert our eyes for a moment . 
boisterous and daft documentary . 
call this the full monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux . 
a modestly surprising movie . 
 . . . begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully . 
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america . 
the movie is a trove of delights . 
at times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do . 
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment . 
you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you've completely lowered your entertainment standards . 
adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel . 
the inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth . 
it's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip . 
an operatic , sprawling picture that's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length . 
director nancy savoca's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could . 
so beautifully acted and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance . 
it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope . 
martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more . 
it is nature against progress . in fessenden's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale . 
mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
berling and béart . . . continue to impress , and isabelle huppert . . . again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters . 
it represents better-than-average movie-making that doesn't demand a dumb , distracted audience . 
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film . 
a melancholy , emotional film . 
we get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of americana that hollywood couldn't possibly fictionalize and be believed . 
displaying about equal amounts of naiveté , passion and talent , beneath clouds establishes sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential . 
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don' t know an orc from a uruk-hai . 
a serviceable euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom — handguns , bmws and seaside chateaus . 
 . . . a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on rice's second installment of her vampire chronicles . 
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c . h . o . hits all the verbal marks it should . 
two hours fly by -- opera's a pleasure when you don't have to endure intermissions -- and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated . 
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film . 
a wildly funny prison caper . 
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences . . . and it's all the stronger because of it . 
the sundance film festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon utah each january to ferret out the next great thing . 'tadpole' was one of the films so declared this year , but it's really more of the next pretty good thing . 
whether writer-director anne fontaine's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above , it is as seductive as it is haunting . 
it's clear that mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent . 
few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness . 
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life . 
sure , it's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it's never as solid as you want it to be . 
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling . . . recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly . 
this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all . 
lovely and poignant . puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with . 
secretary is not a movie about fetishism . it is a movie about passion . 
maybe thomas wolfe was right : you can't go home again . 
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents . 
slight but enjoyable documentary . 
elling , portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by per christian ellefsen , is a truly singular character , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone . 
a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe . 
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds . 
leigh's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other . 
some body will take you places you haven't been , and also places you have . 
in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . 
there's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance . 
the pleasures of super troopers may be fleeting , but they'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor . 
this movie may not have the highest production values you've ever seen , but it's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep . 
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality . 
mazel tov to a film about a family's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage . 
the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the americans , who have a passion for musketeers , only to spoof them . 
greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
the pinochet case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most . 
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , [harris] brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman . 
it's great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again . 
unlike the speedy wham-bam effect of most hollywood offerings , character development -- and more importantly , character empathy -- is at the heart of italian for beginners . 
it's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep . 
there are moments of hilarity to be had . 
recoing's fantastic performance doesn't exactly reveal what makes vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat . 
smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way . 
this isn't a stand up and cheer flick ; it's a sit down and ponder affair . and thanks to kline's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable . 
clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable . . . 
for the first time in several years , mr . allen has surpassed himself with the magic he's spun with the hollywood empress of ms . leoni's ellie . 
i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon . 
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold . a case in point : doug pray's scratch . 
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever . 
it's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence . 
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing . 
a quiet , disquieting triumph . 
in his u . s . debut , mr . schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . 
contradicts everything we've come to expect from movies nowadays . instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way . 
[gulpilil] is a commanding screen presence , and his character's abundant humanism makes him the film's moral compass . 
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes . 
hardly an objective documentary , but it's great cinematic polemic . . . love moore or loathe him , you've got to admire . . . the intensity with which he's willing to express his convictions . 
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters . 
it's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today . 
offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux . 
fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots . 
this time out , [sade] is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested . 
as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten . 
highly irritating at first , mr . koury's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results . 
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency . 
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell . 
transforms one of [shakespeare's] deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy . 
savvy director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense . 
' . . . despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
contando com uma premissa curiosa , o filme mergulha o espectador em um clima de forte suspense , culminando em um desfecho que certamente fica na memória . 
the story . . . is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band . 
about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more , houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him . 
we've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world's greatest teacher . 
it's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman . 
merchant effectively translates naipaul's lively mix of characters from the page to screen . 
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers . 
ofrece una buena oportunidad de cultura ( aunque sea condensada ) que bien vale la pena aprovechar . 
candid camera on methamphetamines . 
it's quite diverting nonsense . 
like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it's never too late to learn . 
eric byler's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations . . . 
the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches . the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic . 
good movie . good actress . but if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh , will you be shocked . 
a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live . 
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . 
it's one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental . 
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on . 
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . 
it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness . 
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar . 
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film's ability to make its subject interesting to those who aren't part of its supposed target audience . judging by those standards , 'scratch' is a pretty decent little documentary . 
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam'ron seal the deal . 
this is a very fine movie -- go see it . 
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
os problemas têm início a partir do momento em que saímos do cinema e começamos a pensar sobre o que acabamos de ver . É então que sinais realmente desaponta . 
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . 
a dazzling dream of a documentary . 
the cast . . . keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired . 
it is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish . 
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special . 
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe . 
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way . 
quite simply , a joy to watch and--especially--to listen to . 
for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . 
as any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death . on that score , the film certainly doesn't disappoint . 
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away . 
an uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the italian masterpiece . 
brosnan is more feral in this film than i've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him . 
while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they're presented with a wry dark humor . 
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm . 
much of what we see is horrible but it's also undeniably exceedingly clever . 
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals . 
 " the mothman prophecies " is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls . 
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things . it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter . 
in spite of good housekeeping's unsavory characters and wwf mentality , this white trash war of the roses is a surprisingly engaging film . 
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture . 
an excellent romp that boasts both a heart and a mind . 
fulfills the minimum requirement of disney animation . 
if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing . 
like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen's astringent wit . 
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan . 
underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough . 
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time . 
[director peter] jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of tolkien's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you're a fan of the books or not . 
a glorious mess . 
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia . 
the second chapter of the harry potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year . 
it's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects . 
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast . 
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers . 
but even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between jolie and burns . . . this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to screenwriting for dummies conformity . 
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair's film is an absolute delight for all audiences . 
sorvino is delightful in the central role . she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 
this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that doesn't reveal even a hint of artifice . 
familiar but utterly delightful . 
not a strike against yang's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached . 
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever . 
more than makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling . 
a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama . 
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you . 
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex . 
the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate/surf culture , the l . a . beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults . 
the movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it . 
against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine . 
 " home movie " is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . 
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky's diaries . 
a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures . 
the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it's an enjoyable one . 
the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music . there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting . 
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
moore's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995's safe . 
if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here's a fun one . 
between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . 
no screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of clones' last 45 minutes . 
the reason to see " sade " lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis ( auteil ) and emilie ( le besco ) . 
culkin , who's in virtually every scene , shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield . 
the film jolts the laughs from the audience--as if by cattle prod . 
although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing . 
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid . 
blanchett's performance confirms her power once again . 
smith's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes . 
a refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale . 
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in . 
the story's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr . day-lewis roars with leonine power . 
too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets . 
this is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults . the characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory . the film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens . 
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation . 
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it . 
 " austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 
rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid . . . 
spare but quietly effective retelling . 
the film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin . 
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy . 
a bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist's career . 
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose . 
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides . 
by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable . 
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it . 
 . . . blade ii is more enjoyable than the original . 
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults . 
writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured . 
ramsay , as in ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid . 
it's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel . . . 
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy . 
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition . 
has its share of arresting images . 
exploits [headbanger] stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter . 
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm . 
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects . 
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does . 
a portrait of an artist . 
it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients . 
there is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine . 
enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later . 
ice age won't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i'm giving it a strong thumbs up . 
nicholson's understated performance is wonderful . as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he's neglected over the years . 
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms . . . is a nonstop hoot . 
bon appétit ! just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies – from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . 
life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why . 
an engaging overview of johnson's eccentric career . 
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 
it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker's motherland . 
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . . 
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film doesn't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown's life . 
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare . 
nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while . 
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel . 
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 
tells a fascinating , compelling story . 
precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family . anyone else seen this before ? 
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of 'black culture' and the dorkier aspects of 'white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are . 
e . t . works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet . 
a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story . 
in addition to hoffman's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . 
with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . 
argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock . 
a sly game of cat and mouse that's intense and thrilling at times , but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances . 
with three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations , it's enough to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective . 
overall very good for what it's trying to do . 
this is the best american movie about troubled teens since 1998's whatever . 
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be . 
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year . 
not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur . 
the message of such reflections--intentional or not--is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one . 
wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men . 
the unexplored story opportunities of " punch-drunk love " may have worked against the maker's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson . 
talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it's hard to stop watching . 
evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet's " house of games " and last fall's " heist " so much fun . 
more concerned with sade's ideas than with his actions . the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as . . . [quills] did by showing them . 
the film's snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone . 
leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago . 
all the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable . 
if you're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with jason x . 
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame . 
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment . 
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement . 
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist . 
the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us . 
skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor . 
poignant and delicately complex . 
compellingly watchable . 
son of the bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness . 
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them . 
ahhhh . . . revenge is sweet ! 
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith . 
o Último suspeito ganha força ao também funcionar em uma esfera adicional : a do drama familiar . 
the film's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that's opened between them . 
a drama of great power , yet some members of the audience will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy . 
a perceptive , good-natured movie . 
davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces . 
though the film's scenario is certainly not earthshaking , this depiction of fluctuating female sexuality has two winning lead performances and charm to spare . 
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world . 
a very pretty after-school special . it's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it . 
a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 . 
the whole mildly pleasant outing -- the r rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of tim allen . 
pacino is the best he's been in years and keener is marvelous . 
achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium . 
exciting and well-paced . 
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it's a spirited film and a must-see . 
diverting french comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy . 
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you can't fake . 
it's all entertaining enough , but don't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper . 
the film's greatest asset is how much it's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture . 
scherfig's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky . 
even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there's something vital about the movie . 
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances . 
it's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . 
a lovely film for the holiday season . 
the movie plays up the cartoon's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength . 
still pretentious and filled with subtext , but entertaining enough at 'face value' to recommend to anyone looking for something different . 
the story may not be new , but australian director john polson , making his american feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly . 
with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives . 
a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama . 
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history . 
there's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence . 
gives everyone something to shout about . 
gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . 
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care . 
flavorful and romantic , you could call this how martha got her groove back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with . 
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton's ever-watchful gaze -- and it's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one . 
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest . 
the tonal shifts are jolting , and though wen's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive . 
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot . 
[drumline] is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it doesn't do . 
whether you like rap music or loathe it , you can't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie . 
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy . 
rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart . 
though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 
certainly the performances are worthwhile . 
drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power . 
a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films
garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work . 
an utterly compelling 'who wrote it' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question . 
by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 
blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew . 
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life . 
australian actor/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation . 
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage . 
while it would be easy to give crush the new title of two weddings and a funeral , it's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of hugh grant whimsy . 
if the message seems more facile than the earlier films , the images have such a terrible beauty you may not care . 
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should . 
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before . 
i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible . 
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel . 
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation . 
auto focus is not your standard hollywood bio-pic . schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness . 
macdowell , whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter affairs . . . brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role . 
veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the film's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures . 
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . 
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america . . . sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain . 
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown . 
time out is as serious as a pink slip . and more than that , it's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 
sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now . . . and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors . 
it's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-soviet russia . 
by the end of no such thing the audience , like beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster . 
i've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie . 
pray has really done his subject justice . 
ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family's custom-made christmas card . 
from a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times . 
while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting . 
read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love . 
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion . 
[the film] tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful . 
narc may not get an 'a' for originality , but it wears its b-movie heritage like a badge of honor . 
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years . 
a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence . 
it's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most american representations of castro . 
is this love or is it masochism ? binoche makes it interesting trying to find out . 
the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis . 
its sheer dynamism is infectious . 
[howard] so good as leon barlow . . . that he hardly seems to be acting . 
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys . 
the film is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end . 
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome . 
 . . . a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations . 
it's mostly a pleasure to watch . and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence . 
sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group . 
nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book . 
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
even though it's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you can't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company's astonishing growth . 
hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in burdette's dialogue . 
an asian neo-realist treasure . 
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost . 
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope . 
'interesante y disfrutable trabajo gracias a que prescinde del clásico elemento estadounidense patriotero y manipulador . '
delightfully rendered
in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel's closely watched trains and danis tanovic's no man's land . 
while cherish doesn't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem . 
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama . 
[a] rare , beautiful film . 
impossible as it may sound , this film's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough . 
a funny film . 
the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers . 
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , hélène angel is definitely a director to watch . 
hey , who else needs a shower ? 
the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure . 
though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further oprahfication of the world as we know it , it still cuts all the way down to broken bone . 
the laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while russell and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them . 
 " nicholas nickleby " is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there's no new " a christmas carol " out in the theaters this year . charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero . 
blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 
mr . polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival . 
wise and deadpan humorous . 
spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects . he just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality . here , thankfully , they are . 
the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims . 
thrilling , provocative and darkly funny , this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites , it demands repeated viewings . 
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema . another great ‘what you don't see' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation . 
it's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours . 
spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing . 
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 
absorbing character study by andré turpin . 
pretty good little movie . 
this isn't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work . 
 . . . a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs – sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh . 
a gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the iranian new wave . 
there's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles . 
the creative animation work may not look as fully 'rendered' as pixar's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree . 
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community . 
one hour photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it's just too bad it doesn't have more flashes of insight . 
the film's only missteps come from the script's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of abagnale's antics . 
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images . 
oddly , the film isn't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . 
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it's hard not to be carried away . 
samuel beckett applied to the iranian voting process . 
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch . 
gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film . 
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema . 
if you love motown music , you'll love this documentary . 
ok arthouse . the power of this script , and the performances that come with it , is that the whole damned thing didn't get our moral hackles up . 
 . . . as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the star wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement . 
when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic . 
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made . 
assayas' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne's novel . 
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams . 
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun . but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . 
it's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage . 
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently . . . but peter mattei's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note . 
the best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates . 
despite besson's high-profile name being wasabi's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film's thoroughly winning tone . 
two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama . 
it's rather like a lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable . 
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 
with rabbit-proof fence , noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie . 
the film delivers what it promises : a look at the " wild ride " that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans . 
this version's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful . 
[a] smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks . 
i don't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it's a dish that's best served cold . 
the trinity assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and george ratliff's documentary , hell house , reflects their earnestness — which makes for a terrifying film . 
'frailty " starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme . 
a gripping drama . 
an action/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat . 
if you're a fan of the series you'll love it and probably want to see it twice . i will be . 
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat's fat girl , rain is the far superior film . 
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change . but it still jingles in the pocket . it's fun lite . 
simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy . 
 . . . is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? you bet there is and it's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking . 
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat . 
there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front . 
strip it of all its excess debris , and you'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . as it is , it's too long and unfocused . 
maid in manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road . . . but as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection . 
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach'ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines . 
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart . 
what [denis] accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned . 
even in its most tedious scenes , russian ark is mesmerizing . 
humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way . 
the thing about guys like evans is this : you're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins . but as you watch the movie , you're too interested to care . 
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world . 
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all . 
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat . 
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message . 
wedding feels a bit anachronistic . still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin . 
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro . . . couldn't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment . 
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion . 
nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity . . . 
 " the turntable is now outselling the electric guitar . . . " 
 . . . while dark water isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 
the movie sticks much closer to hornby's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of high fidelity did . 
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation . 
you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit . 
terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life . 
while guzmán frustratingly refuses to give pinochet's crimes a political context , his distance from the material is mostly admirable . 
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs . 
 . . . a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet . 
sem se preocupar em criar momentos melodramáticos para arrancar lágrimas do espectador , o pianista é um filme triste sem que , para isso , precise ser emocionante . 
spielberg's picture is smarter and subtler than [total recall and blade runner] , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences . 
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy . 
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy . 
a creaky staircase gothic . 
this new zealand coming-of-age movie isn't really about anything . when it's this rich and luscious , who cares ? 
if you grew up on scooby -- you'll love this movie . matthew lillard is born to play shaggy ! 
ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what- time-it-is tedious . 
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it's so fascinating you won't be able to look away for a second . 
slow and ponderous , but rohmer's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption . 
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson . 
the rock is destined to be the 21st century's new " conan " and that he's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal . 
an original little film about one young woman's education . 
the movie is full of fine performances , led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel , his wife . 
haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration . 
superb production values & christian bale's charisma make up for a derivative plot . 
if you're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director's life , eisenstein delivers . 
a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane . 
anchored by friel and williams's exceptional performances , the film's power lies in its complexity . nothing is black and white . 
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods . 
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding . 
for the most part , it's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions . 
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget . 
 . . . has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . it's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its " men in a sardine can " warped logic . 
[barry] gives assassin a disquieting authority . 
yakusho and shimizu . . . create engaging characterizations in imamura's lively and enjoyable cultural mix . 
a perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little lilo & stitch had in spades -- charisma . 
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense . 
a cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe . . . the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history . 
in between all the emotional seesawing , it's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . but they fascinate in their recklessness . 
it's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan's unique directing style . 
it is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some . i haven't seen one in so long , no wonder i didn't recognize it at first . 
the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any " jackass " fan could want . 
dazzling and sugar-sweet , a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver . 
another one of those estrogen overdose movies like " divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood , " except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better . 
 . . . a solid , well-formed satire . 
it's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but " spider-man " certainly delivers the goods . 
it's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming . 
not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted . 
by turns very dark and very funny . 
the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon . 
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles . 
impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises . 
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing . 
una película oscura , precisa , por momentos grandiosa y casi siempre conmovedora . 
bubba ho-tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that doesn't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it . 
the film's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations . 
the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible . it's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle . 
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy . 
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact . 
rare is the 'urban comedy' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie . 
lohman adapts to the changes required of her , but the actress and director peter kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
[ferrera] has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen . 
if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances . 
a teasing drama whose relentless good-deed/bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation . 
mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances . . . and excellent use of music by india's popular gulzar and jagjit singh . 
the four feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes . 
watching war photographer , you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals . 
an elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller . 
often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness , but seldahl and wollter's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie . 
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm . 
a sexy , surprising romance . . . idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair . . . their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger . 
though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions . 
for anyone unfamiliar with pentacostal practices in general and theatrical phenomenon of hell houses in particular , it's an eye-opener . 
when you think you've figured out bielinsky's great game , that's when you're in the most trouble : he's the con , and you're just the mark . 
it's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell . 
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
cuts right through the b . s . giving a big middle-fingered " shut up " to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another . 
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . 
where bowling for columbine is at its most valuable is in its examination of america's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence . 
the filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers . 
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting . 
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary . 
about schmidt belongs to nicholson . gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances . as schmidt , nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance . 
a very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy . 
schaeffer isn't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does . 
classic cinema served up with heart and humor
while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . 
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness . 
writer and director otar iosseliani's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls . 
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller . 
the whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like bellini and mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by . 
like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
the movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense . 
[grant's] bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle . 
the best thing i can say about this film is that i can't wait to see what the director does next . 
the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain . 
in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works . 
broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed . 
a movie that's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it's-funny level . 
like an episode of mtv's undressed , with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance . . . indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper . 
the movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people . 
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . 
 . . . with " the bourne identity " we return to the more traditional action genre . 
a cartoon that's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big , four-legged herbivore . 
it understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking . 
a tender , heartfelt family drama . 
what i saw , i enjoyed . 
an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment . 
[allen] manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise . 
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately . . . dare i say , entertaining ! 
as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 
gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western . 
this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee , and it still is . 
an entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart . 
too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience . 
ranks among willams' best screen work . 
one of the best , most understated performances of [jack nicholson's] career . 
it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film . 
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit . 
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and . . . often misconstrued as weakness . 
a minor work yet there's no denying the potency of miller's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure . 
i simply can't recommend it enough . 
moonlight mile doesn't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy . 
visually , 'santa clause 2' is wondrously creative . 
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill . 
the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity . 
some may choose to interpret the film's end as hopeful or optimistic but i think payne is after something darker . 
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren . 
the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers . 
it's not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world . 
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness . 
even if the ring has a familiar ring , it's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 
the recording session is the only part of the film that is enlightening -- and how appreciative you are of this depends on your level of fandom . 
a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . 
it's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . 
japanese director shohei imamura's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime . 
meyjes . . . has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics . 
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination . 
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli . 
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill . 
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . 
if your senses haven't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket . 
third time's the charm . . . yeah , baby ! 
while bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who aren't . 
it's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . but it's hardly a necessary enterprise . 
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers . 
there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . 
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle . 
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s . 
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers . 
while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 
it's the filmmakers' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion . 
visits spy-movie territory like a novel you can't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last . 
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol's most intense psychological mysteries . 
writer/ director m . night shyamalan's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable . 
it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters . 
a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy . 
it's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this " two weddings and a funeral " fun . 
you don't know whether to admire the film's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . or both . 
a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney . 
one of the best rock documentaries ever . wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many . 
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis . 
this is not an easy film . but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one . 
not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear . 
a deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect . 
while this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience . 
a stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australia's film history . 
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 
viewed on its own terms , treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic . 
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros . 
 . . . the story , like ravel's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with . 
i prefer soderbergh's concentration on his two lovers over tarkovsky's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies . 
feral and uncomfortable . 
elegant , mannered and teasing . 
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection . 
a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material . 
that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . 
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt . 
the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that wasn't at least watchable . but it's also disappointing to a certain degree . 
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious . 
nothing is sacred in this gut-buster . 
 . . . quite endearing . 
the story feels more like a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing sayles dialogue . 
this is art paying homage to art . 
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm . 
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , 'spy kids 2' is a visual treat for all audiences . 
 . . . a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean reno . 
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm . . . the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs . 
it's an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director's previous full frontal . 
superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . 
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting isn't , either , and you wouldn't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ? 
a well-executed spy-thriller . 
this romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime england , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s . 
it's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages . 
mr . clooney , mr . kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster . 
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as 'a perfect family film , ' because it's about family . 
fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment . 
as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . 
occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going . 
though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance . 
the film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the motown sound . 
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it's far tamer than advertised . 
this is pretty dicey material . but some unexpected zigs and zags help . 
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short . 
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . 
after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . 
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving . . . 
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they don't have , and how this gets us in trouble . but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic . 
don't plan on the perfect ending , but sweet home alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life . 
maguire is a surprisingly effective peter/spider-man . 
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking … because you get it . 
a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores . 
a pleasant romantic comedy . 
theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical . 
 . . . there is enough originality in 'life' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 
we've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there's an enthusiastic charm in <i ? fire that makes the formula fresh again . 
ms . seigner and mr . serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters . 
what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . 
though it's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans' saga of hollywood excess . 
a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads . 
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it's certainly an honest attempt to get at something . 
eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters . 
if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in…and making you sweat . 
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre . 
like brosnan's performance , evelyn comes from the heart . 
'if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos . 
this enthralling documentary . . . is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends . 
an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco . . . 
'it's better to go in knowing full well what's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . cynics need not apply . '
it's a bittersweet and lyrical mix of elements . 
this is wild surreal stuff , but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other . 
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude . 
it confirms fincher's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight . 
from spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat , vincent's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of jean renoir . 
it has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion . it risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise . 
the dramatic crisis doesn't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but huppert's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience . 
it is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one . 
overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . 
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance . 
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ? in a word : no . 
 " catch me " feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . 
a yarn that respects the marvel version without becoming ensnared by it . 
 . . . bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film . 
a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 . 
the plot is so amusingly contrived and outlandish in its coincidences that no one could ever mistake it for anything resembling reality
i like this movie a lot . i like that smith , he's not making fun of these people , he's not laughing at them . 
there's very little sense to what's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash . 
a subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience ; the pianist does not . 
the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldn't care less . 
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you cannot separate them . 
 . . . fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film . 
led by griffin's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm , the cast has a lot of fun with the material . 
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up . 
it'll keep you wide awake and . . . very tense . 
the sweetest thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . but it does have one saving grace . a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman's point-of-view . 
'de niro . . . is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
one of recent memory's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise . 
it's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look . 
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see " simone , " and consider a dvd rental instead . 
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny . 
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun . 
with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . 
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must ! 
the invincible werner herzog is alive and well and living in la
rare birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable . 
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . 
remarkably accessible and affecting . 
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish . 
ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine . 
[t]his beguiling belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why . 
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . 
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time . 
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next . 
 . . . somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks . 
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation . . . just about as chilling and unsettling as 'manhunter' was . 
you wouldn't call the good girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) , but when it's good , it's good and horrid . 
even those who would like to dismiss the film outright should find much to mull and debate . 
even if you're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . 
[leigh] has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable . 
though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . 
the film is a fierce dance of destruction . its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude . 
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration . 
a slight but sweet film . 
generally , clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes . 
by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one . 
it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it doesn't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise . 
 . . . works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . 
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground . 
thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality . . . takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the croc hunter agenda . 
chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson's dahmer . 
fontaine's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal . 
this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever . 
rain is a small treasure , enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic . 
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life . a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged . 
you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report . 
sly , sophisticated and surprising . 
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn . 
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments . 
the audacity to view one of shakespeare's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion . 
those who would follow haneke on his creepy explorations . . . are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from huppert and magimel . 
its maker , steven spielberg , hasn't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray . 
a frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women . 
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script . 
kinnear's performance is a career-defining revelation . 
droll caper-comedy remake of " big deal on madonna street " that's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate " bellini " begins to look like a " real kaputschnik . " 
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous . it's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history . 
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother's hold over her . 
it's up to [watts] to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe . 
huppert's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face . 
a bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of philip glass . 
the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause . 
 " auto focus " works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans . 
hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being . 
atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
this film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities . 
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo . it is not what you see , it is what you think you see . 
this ready-made midnight movie probably won't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun . 
it's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb . 
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america . 
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years . 
the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next . 
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way . 
[ " safe conduct " ] is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage . viva le resistance ! 
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ? 
if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage , then esther's story is a compelling quest for truth . 
its director's most substantial feature for some time . 
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a 'very sneaky' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts
very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both . 
it's absolutely spooky how lillard channels the shagster right down to the original casey kasem-furnished voice . 
exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes . 
mordantly funny and intimately knowing . . . 
rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film's short 90 minutes . 
it's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart . 
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy . 
[city] reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of 'analyze this' ( 1999 ) and 'analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year . 
an unflinching look at the world's dispossessed . 
a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others . 
there are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but brown sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy . 
zhang yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones . 
muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss . . . provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex . 
a virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze . 
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being . 
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other . 
the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes . 
jeong-hyang lee's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying . 
the comic performances are all spot on , especially lee ross's turn as ken . 
what's surprising about full frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you . 
 . . . a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking . 
moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not . 
less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 . 
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material . 
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades . 
cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in . 
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant . 
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy . 
australian filmmaker david flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them . 
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results . 
all right , so it's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions — disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions . 
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . something for everyone . 
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . 
woody allen's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz . 
entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from venus and men from mars can indeed get together . 
aside from rohmer's bold choices regarding point of view , the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art . 
i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending . 
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness . 
you might not buy the ideas . but you'll definitely want the t-shirt . 
 . . . the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form . 
even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it doesn't make for completely empty entertainment
a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know . 
it's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i'd say the film works . 
this is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make , and the trio's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed . 
this is a very funny , heartwarming film . it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect . 
me without you has a bracing truth that's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . 
most of crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness . 
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one . 
it's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be . but it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds . 
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music . 
[majidi] makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day . 
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory . 
 . it's a testament to the film's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . there's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls . . . 
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that's as entertaining as it is instructive . 
chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer . 
rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . 
a film of delicate interpersonal dances . caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose . it's a sight to behold . 
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved . 
a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal . 
douglas mcgrath's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically . 
though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial . 
just watch bettany strut his stuff . you'll know a star when you see one . 
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion . 
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it . 
i'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes . 
performances are potent , and the women's stories are ably intercut and involving . 
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation . 
a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices . 
 " on guard ! " won't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time . 
deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 
director-writer bille august . . . depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey martin's deterioration and barbara's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger . 
you won't like roger , but you will quickly recognize him . and that's a big part of why we go to the movies . 
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze . 
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience . 
beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 
reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens , but it's still pretty tasty . 
it is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs . 
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie weren't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is . 
disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids' books to the screen . . . tuck everlasting is a little of both . 
a very capable nailbiter . 
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of " iris " or " american beauty , " but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films . 
it's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . cinematic pratfalls given a working over . the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back . 
i've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we've got something pretty damn close . 
this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . 
a wry , affectionate delight . 
whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . 
the fast runner' transports the viewer into an unusual space
bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he can't help throwing in a few of his own touches . 
a film that's flawed and brilliant in equal measure . 
 . . . understands that a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation . 
more a load of enjoyable , conan-esque claptrap than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the mummy pictures represent . 
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot . 
nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . 
several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare . 
it's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona . 
asia authors herself as anna battista , an italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy . 
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema . 
as part of mr . dong's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair . 
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions . 
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo . . . broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 
if it's possible for a sequel to outshine the original , then sl2 does just that . 
salma goes native and she's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon . 
half submarine flick , half ghost story , all in one criminally neglected film
real women have curves doesn't offer any easy answers . 
 ( caine ) proves once again he hasn't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film . 
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story . 
together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death . in the process , they demonstrate that there's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema . 
'alice's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures . 
presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation . 
claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications . 
it's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion's attentions . 
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters . 
weird . rewarding . 
it's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary . . . 
it is an indelible epic american story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives . 
this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , scorsese's best in more than a decade . 
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say . 
for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future . 
borrows a bit from the classics " wait until dark " and " extremities " . . . but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself . 
a candid and often fascinating documentary about a pentecostal church in dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services . 
that it'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
tells ( the story ) with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot's persnickety problems is simply a matter of ( being ) in a shrugging mood . 
this beautifully animated epic is never dull . 
it could change america , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment . 
the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan's madness . 
first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film . 
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes . 
both damning and damned compelling . 
the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks . 
here's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep . but taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , the queen of the damned cannot be said to suck . 
it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at . 
if you're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need . 
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ? 
old-form moviemaking at its best . 
as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys' novel " the death of napoleon " and directed by alan taylor , napoleon's journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son's home after decades away . 
you'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it . 
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins . 
the real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , jean reno , who resembles sly stallone in a hot sake half-sleep . 
it trusts the story it sets out to tell . 
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms . bullock's best work in some time . 
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism . 
insightfully written , delicately performed
emerges as something rare , an issue movie that's so honest and keenly observed that it doesn't feel like one . 
even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough . every child's story is what matters . this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost . 
 . . . plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family . 
the draw [for " big bad love " ] is a solid performance by arliss howard . 
tends to pile too many " serious issues " on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . 
a loving little film of considerable appeal . 
i'll put it this way : if you're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you . 
lee jeong-hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that i couldn't help being captivated by it . 
ultimately , " mib ii " succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it can't be dismissed as mindless . 
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it's documenting . 
if a horror movie's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well . . . a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 
it's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to . 
for decades we've marveled at disney's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . prepare to marvel again . 
even the digressions are funny . 
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not . 
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe . 
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst . 
unlike most teen flicks , swimming takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity . 
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie . 
for the most part , director anne-sophie birot's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama . 
perhaps it's cliche to call the film 'refreshing , ' but it is . 'drumline' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . 
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j . wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time . 
legendary irish writer brendan behan's memoir , borstal boy , has been given a loving screen transferral . 
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches . 
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera's drama and lyricism . 
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat . 
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story . 
intelligent and moving . 
when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there's something there . it's that good . 
there's not much more to this adaptation of the nick hornby novel than charm -- effortless , pleasurable , featherweight charm . 
jacquot's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances . . . while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself . 
quando tiros em columbine acerta o alvo ( com o perdão do trocadilho ) , não há como negar o brilhantismo da argumentação de seu diretor . 
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen . 
the son of the bride's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also isn't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . this movie is to be cherished . 
all but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure . 
not a bad journey at all . 
williams plays sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in insomnia . he does this so well you don't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role . 
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . 
an ambitious 'what if ? ' that works . 
katz's documentary doesn't have much panache , but with material this rich it doesn't need it . 
conceptually brilliant . . . plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown . 
de oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by michel piccoli . 
byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us , and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama . 
it's fascinating to see how bettany and mcdowell play off each other . 
uneven but a lot of fun . 
a tasty masala . 
kinnear . . . gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life's ultimate losers . 
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you . 
cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark's dogma movement . 
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv's big brother . 
gloriously straight from the vagina . 
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 
it's tough to watch , but it's a fantastic movie . 
denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of vanessa redgrave's career . it deserves to be seen everywhere . 
blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological . 
it's hard to imagine anybody ever being " in the mood " to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it's started . 
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow . 
doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere . 
so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor . 
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife . 
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that 'they don't make movies like they used to anymore . '
a captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners . 
although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work . 
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment . 
once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera . . . 
if you're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film . 
provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all . 
as the story moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe , the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing . 
a respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain trek films . . . cross over to a more mainstream audience . 
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 
stevens' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls . 
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 . 
everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids . 
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china . 
without ever becoming didactic , director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality . 
makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun . 
it's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but . 
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him . . . there is never really a true " us " versus " them " . 
those who aren't put off by the film's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them . 
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that's both charming and well acted . it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face . 
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be . 
fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . 
what's so striking about jolie's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair . 
the best comedy concert movie i've seen since cho's previous concert comedy film , i'm the one that i want , in 2000 . 
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it's a rock-solid little genre picture . whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste . 
the film occasionally tries the viewer's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story . 
maryam is more timely now than ever . 
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard . 
it celebrates the group's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his 'angels of light . '
this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms . 
its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads . 
triple x is a double agent , and he's one bad dude . when you've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 
bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love . 
a very funny movie . 
cute , funny , heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone . 
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you're on the edge of your seat . 
a genuine mind-bender . 
bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys . 
[gosling's] combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character . 
this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion . 
the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways . 
few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands . 
 . . . one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i've seen in quite a long time . 
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it's informative and breathtakingly spectacular . 
[grant] goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it . 
nothing denis has made before , like beau travil and nenette et boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre . 
what bubbles up out of john c . walsh's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch . 
a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle . 
do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman doesn't work ? 
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed . 
if you can stomach the rough content , it's worth checking out for the performances alone . 
an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son . 
less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) . 
 . . . a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of legally blonde and drop dead gorgeous , starring piper perabo in what could be her breakthrough role . 
a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment . 
a hugely rewarding experience that's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones's diary . 
if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary . . . 
a witty , low-key romantic comedy . 
it's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest . 
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch . 
nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations . . . 
a film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities . 
 . . . certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . but something seems to be missing . a sense of real magic , perhaps . 
robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side . 
the film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity . 
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here . 
if you thought tom hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you've seen him eight stories tall . 
graças às interações entre seus personagens , o filme torna-se não apenas uma história divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguição , mas também um belo estudo de personagens . 
chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement . 
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing . 
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before . 
if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere . 
this one is strictly a lightweight escapist film . 
thanks to ice cube , benjamins feels an awful lot like friday in miami . 
sweet home alabama " is what it is – a nice , harmless date film . . . 
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives . 
[anderson] uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense . 
most consumers of lo mein and general tso's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 
yeah , these flicks are just that damn good . isn't it great ? 
 " mr . deeds " is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness . 
formuliac , but fun . 
the diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time . 
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . that's why sex and lucia is so alluring . 
the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors . 
will you go ape over this movie ? well , it probably won't have you swinging from the trees hooting it's praises , but it's definitely worth taking a look . 
i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . 
while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy . 
despite the film's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character's gripping humanity . 
filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . 
it's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth . 
the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar . 
if you're hard up for raunchy college humor , this is your ticket right here . 
it's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that doesn't feel it has to prove anything . 
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken . 
whether or not you buy mr . broomfield's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr . broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . 
stands as one of the year's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 
the stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt . 
i don't know precisely what to make of steven soderbergh's full frontal , though that didn't stop me from enjoying much of it . 
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea's recent past and south korea's future adds a much needed moral weight . 
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean 'dramedy' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . 
 . . . could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 . 
you won't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again . 
as a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it doesn't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions . 
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games . 
 . . . a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920's . . . the film's ending has a " what was it all for ? " feeling to it , but like the 1920's , the trip there is a great deal of fun . 
richard gere and diane lane put in fine performances as does french actor oliver martinez . 
you'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama . 
a psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive's attention to detail . 
in many ways , reminiscent of 1992's unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue . 
a brutal and funny work . nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy doesn't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully . 
uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year . 
the cast comes through even when the movie doesn't . 
bring on the sequel . 
it's not a great monster movie . but if you've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there's guilty fun to be had here . chomp chomp ! 
 . . . a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism . 
proves that some movie formulas don't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie . 
as a first-time director , paxton has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides frailty with its dark soul . 
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . in the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more . 
while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii . 
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating . 
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 
 . . . there's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli . . . ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up . 
combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched . 
this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow . 
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing . 
an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st . petersburg's hermitage museum . 
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a " dungeons and dragons " fantasy with modern military weaponry . . . 
there is truth here
a moody horror/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director's well-known narrative gamesmanship . 
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair . 
anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women's self-actualization knows few continental divides . 
it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . 
director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates . 
 . . . a true delight . 
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . it really is a shame that more won't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet 'evelyn . '
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life's harshness . 
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me . 
hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian . 
although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love . 
as the two leads , lathan and diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers . 
 . . . a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
 . . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age . 
the film's heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality . 
what distinguishes time of favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts . 
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . 
at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery . . . 
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan's gifts , which are such that we'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 
no one goes unindicted here , which is probably for the best . and if you're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes , you've got ice water in your veins . 
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama . 
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor . 
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people . 
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait . 
all in all , a great party . 
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 
a mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser . 
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn . 
a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution . 
land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored . 
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold . 
a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido . 
a superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate . 
a movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you don't want to be . 
a wildly entertaining scan of evans' career . 
if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790's , one imagines the result would look like something like this . 
a sports movie with action that's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it . 
together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 
a pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that errol morris has often dealt with . . . it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm . 
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals . 
a taut , sobering film . 
it's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought . 
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds . 
over-the-top and a bit ostentatious , this is a movie that's got oodles of style and substance . 
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france's most inventive directors . 
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role . 
audacious-impossible yet compelling . . . 
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race . 
the messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time . 
perhaps the best sports movie i've ever seen . 
bennett's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that's tough to shake . 
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man . 
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre . 
hu and liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love . 
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no . 1 drips with style and , at times , blood . 
run , don't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen . 
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless . 
this delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director . 
murderous maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth . 
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time . 
a piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness . 
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part . 
sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to frida kahlo as if her life did , too . 
it will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days . 
martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid . 
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well . 
for all its serious sense of purpose . . . [it] finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor . 
i'd be lying if i said my ribcage didn't ache by the end of kung pow . 
intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed . 
thanks to haynes' absolute control of the film's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances , far from heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act . 
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it . 
inside the film's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it's not that , it's the tension that keeps you in your seat . affleck and jackson are good sparring partners . 
it's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible . 
a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy . 
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it's still quite worth seeing . 
so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride . 
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events . 
like mike isn't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net . 
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride . 
divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances . 
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish . 
on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film . 
jackson is always watchable . 
on the surface , it's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but it has a lot in common with piesiewicz's and kieslowski's earlier work , films like the double life of veronique . 
suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers . 
graham greene's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world . 
 . . . only bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction . 
payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . 
whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema's master craftsmen . 
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because [the leads] are such a companionable couple . 
scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism . 
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride . 
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny . a little uneven to be the cat's meow , but it's good enough to be the purr . 
cusack's just brilliant in this . 
as it turns out , you can go home again . 
a real story about real people living their lives concerned about the future of an elderly , mentally handicapped family member . 
the movie's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast . 
shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life . 
tsai ming-liang's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ? , is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly . 
the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
'anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
'charly' will divide its audience in two separate groups , those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy . . . 
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions . 
the film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses . 
[gai] comes closer to any actress i can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form . 
it's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the american people to see what a candidate is like when he's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech . 
a charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest dogme film and among the most enjoyable . 
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . 
could have been crisper and punchier , but it's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies . 
this road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you'll be glad you went along for the ride . 
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band . 
the film's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard . . . 
it's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer's most pleasurable movies . 
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching . 
while the glass slipper doesn't quite fit , pumpkin is definitely a unique modern fairytale . 
a breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat . 
[a]n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the disney comedies from the 60s . 
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more baffling is that it's funny . 
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children . 
this horror-comedy doesn't go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheap-looking monsters -- unless you count elvira's hooters . 
what makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved . 
reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich . 
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . 
the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head . 
at once emotional and richly analytical , the cosby-seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary . 
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed . 
it strikes hardest… when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain . fifty years after the fact , the world's political situation seems little different , and [director phillip] noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill . 
a cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall . 
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
y tu mamá también is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt . 
even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold . 
nice piece of work . 
fessenden's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy . 
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary . 
nair and writer laura cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life . 
uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance . 
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it . 
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic . 
morton deserves an oscar nomination . 
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints . 
even better than the first one ! 
gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults . 
may be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since town and country . 
in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen . 
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that's not merely about kicking undead * * * , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption . 
about a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological . 
imagine o . henry's <b>the gift of the magi</b> relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc's drug scene . merry friggin' christmas ! 
the limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie . 
ferrara's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . 
[dong] makes a valiant effort to understand everyone's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up . 
 . . . quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks . 
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others . 
the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once . . . a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller . 
both flawed and delayed , martin scorcese's gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas . 
the bourne identity shouldn't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood . 
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities . 
sweet and memorable film . 
it's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance . 
this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt . 
meeting , even exceeding expectations , it's the best sequel since the empire strikes back . . . a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . 
a fine film , but it would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories . 
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships . 
it's so good that you can practically see the hollywood 'suits' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too -inevitable american remake . 
katz uses archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all is the song itself
that 'alabama' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) . . . 
[raimi's] matured quite a bit with spider-man , even though it's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you'll ever see . 
everytime you think undercover brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse . 
upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 
it's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor . 
a typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate french coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that is too heavy for all that has preceded it . 
 . . . breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . 
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination . 
a blessed gift to film geeks and historians . if the '70's were your idea of a good time at the movies , this will make you very happy . 
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory . 
nine queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head . 
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we're touched by the film's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport . 
duvall is strong as always . 
exciting documentary . 
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr . deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less- than-likely new york celebrities . . . certainly raises the film above anything sandler's been attached to before . 
it's a coming-of-age story we've all seen bits of in other films -- but it's rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity . 
no sophomore slump for director sam mendes , who segues from oscar winner to oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand . 
' . . . both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts . 
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable . 
cold , nervy and memorable . 
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination . 
reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way . 
leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . 
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance . 
noyce has worked wonders with the material . 
those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . 
offers an unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole thing works . 
rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as monsoon wedding . 
affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together . 
worth a look as a curiosity . 
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning . 
roman coppola may never become the filmmaker his dad was , but heck – few filmmakers will . but based on cq , i'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project . 
it's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 
it treats ana's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . 
 . . . a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind . 
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare . 
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film . 
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell . 
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise . 
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically . 
for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . if you're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts . 
this version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire . 
as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting . 
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood's comic-book adaptations . 
for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured . 
an impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent . 
the observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony . 
so unassuming and pure of heart , you can't help but warmly extend your arms and yell 'safe ! '
the most compelling wiseman epic of recent years . 
like the best of godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream . 
waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself . 
[shyamalan] turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count . 
binoche and magimel are perfect in these roles . 
the performances take the movie to a higher level . 
has a lot of the virtues of eastwood at his best . 
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age . 
writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted . 
unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow . 
bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era's creme de la celluloid . 
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated . 
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt . 
take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema . 
an appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles . 
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children's television . 
 . . . brian de palma is utterly mad : cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad . it's a beautiful madness . 
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope . 
washington overcomes the script's flaws and envelops the audience in his character's anguish , anger and frustration . 
one of the best movies of the year . 
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design . 
return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages . 
denis forges out of the theories of class- based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord . 
an enjoyable experience . 
secretary is just too original to be ignored . 
uplifting , funny and wise . 
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising . 
what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates . 
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film . 
'si bien no logra desarrollarse como un gran drama , tampoco es tan superficial como muchas cintas que pecan de pretenciosas y que resultan totalmente banales . '
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies . 
berry's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making " die another day " one of the most entertaining bonds in years
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history . 
moving and vibrant . 
exhilarating but blatantly biased . 
peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales , villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . 
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences… the château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten . 
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid . 
i would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that shouldn't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable . 
it ultimately stands forth as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of latin america's most oppressive regimes . 
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 'cultural revolution . '
part of the film's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz . 
like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . 
it's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair . 
a brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it . 
a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life . 
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence . 
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock's thrillers , most of the scary parts in 'signs' occur while waiting for things to happen . 
the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting . 
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner . 
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent . 
smith profiles five extraordinary american homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities . 
hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation . 
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy . 
a flawed but engrossing thriller . 
if you're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then mostly martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite . 
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography . 
harmless fun . 
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home . 
some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast . 
awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another 'spectacular spectacle . '
a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you've actually spent time living in another community . 
the movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , rocky-like moments . . . but it's such a warm and charming package that you'll feel too happy to argue much . 
that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin's film serves up with style and empathy . 
it's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it . 
the movie is ingenious fun . see it . 
the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . 
recalls quiet freak-outs like l'avventura and repulsion . 
it's a very valuable film . . . 
perhaps the grossest movie ever made . funny , though . 
gambling and throwing a basketball game for money isn't a new plot -- in fact toback himself used it in black and white . but toback's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again . 
this new time machine is hardly perfect… yet it proves surprisingly serviceable . even at its worst , it's not half-bad . 
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling . 
this is one of polanski's best films . 
made me unintentionally famous — as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . but believe it or not , it's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i've seen . 
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision . 
may seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman . 
until ( the ) superfluous . . . epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , die another day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any james bond thriller . 
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of 'home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households . 
a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that . 
cho's timing is priceless . 
the entire cast is extraordinarily good . 
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . 
kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble . 
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . this is a movie you can trust . 
keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s . c . , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . 
the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen . 
a no-holds-barred cinematic treat . 
 a thought-provoking look at how western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures . 
the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful . 
'easily my choice for one of the year's best films . '
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown . 
the film doesn't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing . 
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde's classic satire . 
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . 
a richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind . 
it's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . 
ruzowitzky has taken this mothball-y stuff and made a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it . 
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny . 
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy . 
an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama . 
only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : anthony . hopkins . 
gently humorous and touching . 
as a film director , labute continues to improve . 
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time . 
hard , endearing , caring , warm . bring tissues . 
 " birthday girl " is an actor's movie first and foremost . 
triumph of love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree . 
canada's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people . 
there is a kind of attentive concern that hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital . 
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group . . . and never fails to entertain . 
4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink - it's the ultimate redneck road-trip . 
works because , for the most part , it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren . 
williams absolutely nails sy's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness . 
ou've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane . 
the film's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise . 
has a plot full of twists upon knots . . . and a nonstop parade of mock-tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill . 
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u . s . -- a major director is emerging in world cinema . 
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie . 
for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 
the bodily function jokes are about what you'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie . 
one of the year's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces . 
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty . 
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem . 
a beautiful , entertaining two hours . you get the idea , though , that kapur intended the film to be more than that . 
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . 
it's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history . 
 . . . manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . 
hilarious , acidic brit comedy . 
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it--the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie . 
an enjoyable above average summer diversion . 
an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood . 
this is so de palma . if you love him , you'll like it . if you don't . . . well , skip to another review . 
allen's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal . 
red dragon " never cuts corners . 
neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm . 
the pianist [is] a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . here is a divine monument to a single man's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music . 
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of " his girl friday , " maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . 
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
the film may appear naked in its narrative form . . . but it goes deeper than that , to fundamental choices that include the complexity of the catholic doctrine
norton is magnetic as graham . 
a crisp psychological drama [and] a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old " twilight zone " episode . 
[while the last metro] was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history . 
it thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that [jaglom] pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice . 
not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry , but the film conjures the magic of author j . k . rowling's books . 
it will not appeal to the impatient , but those who like long books and movies will admire the way it accumulates power and depth . 
what's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director's talent . watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers . 
despite these annoyances , the capable clayburgh and tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age . 
seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work . 
as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . 
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music . 
the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production's austere locales . 
a brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy . 
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast . 
the journey to the secret's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough . 
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half . 
the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back . 
in the end , punch-drunk love is one of those films that i wanted to like much more than i actually did . sometimes , that's enough . 
i'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent . 
twenty years later , e . t . is still a cinematic touchstone . 
[reno] delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . 
ms . hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda's ultimate fate . 
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you'll want things to work out . 
apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . 
the auteur's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug . 
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . 
ao sair do cinema , eu estava feliz e com saudades de um tempo em que , para mim , a existência de papai noel era um fato inquestionável . 
a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity . 
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul's-eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case . 
it's a film that's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio's animated classics . 
while the isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic , its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at . 
not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs to be to stand out , but it has clearly been made with affection and care . 
majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places . 
once again , director jackson strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action/effects on the spectacular scale . 
poignant and funny . 
the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . 
the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are . 
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards . 
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time . 
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look . 
it's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth . 
an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema . 
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak . 
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant . 
it's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama . 
it's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie's strangeness . 
a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term . 
each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs . man as brother-man vs . the man . 
one can't deny its seriousness and quality . 
the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc . 
 . . . enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games . 
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino . 
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market . 
great character interaction . 
adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary . 
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film . 
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun . 
everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing . 
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way . 
what's most striking about this largely celebratory film . . . is the sense of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an ikea world . 
a gentle and engrossing character study . 
the film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task . 
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin . 
the ending does leave you unfulfilled , but these are performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece . 
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man . 
the next generation of mob movie . part low rent godfather . part three stooges . 
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of 'ethnic cleansing . '
look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music . 
in other words , it's just another sports drama/character study . yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . plus , like i already mentioned . . . it's robert duvall ! c'mon ! 
davis . . . gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences . 
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients . 
evelyn's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn . 
the formula is familiar but enjoyable . 
a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento . . . 
there's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film . . . or the emotional integrity of the performances . 
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache . 
it's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty . 
tailored to entertain ! 
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting . 
absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way . 
a well-put-together piece of urban satire . 
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man's right to raise his own children . 
the film is insightful about kissinger's background and history . 
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted . 
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year . 
just how these families interact may surprise you . 
a joyous occasion
even if you've seen " stomp " ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! 
'a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
one of those energetic surprises , an original that pleases almost everyone who sees it . 
it dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile . 
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation . 
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money . the charming result is festival in cannes . 
a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light . 
an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing . 
sex with strangers is fascinating . . . 
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here . 
[clooney's] debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh . 
it's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast . 
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year's best and most unpredictable comedy . 
preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment . 
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it can't help but engage an audience . 
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis . 
i don't think i've been as entranced and appalled by an asian film since shinya tsukamoto's iron man . 
it's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer . 
the movie should be credited with remembering his victims . 
a pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place . 
if you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you . 
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst . 
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring . 
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes won't still be tapping . 
overall , it's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs . 
promises is one film that's truly deserving of its oscar nomination . 
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality . 
is office work really as alienating as 'bartleby' so effectively makes it ? 
a clever blend of fact and fiction . 
fans of behan's work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy . 
a twisty , moody slice of southern gothic . . . 
quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and its impact is all the greater beause director zhang's last film , the cuddly shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house . 
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them . 
the film grows on you . and how . 
the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy . 
the appearance of treebeard and gollum's expanded role will either have you loving what you're seeing , or rolling your eyes . i loved it ! gollum's 'performance' is incredible ! 
ford deserves to be remembered at oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier . 
roman polanski's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than 'shindler's list' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie . 
the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight . 
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries . 
steve irwin's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume . 
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker's eye . 
though the controversial korean filmmaker's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding . 
a gem of a movie . 
although olivier assayas' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation . . . its three-hour running time plays closer to two . 
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like " the addams family " to everyone looking in . . . " my big fat greek wedding " comes from the heart . . . 
a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : you experience it as you watch . 
you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises . 
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success . 
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them . 
swimming is above all about a young woman's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds . 
it's a count for our times . 
what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music . 
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary . 
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects . 
like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to mr . wong's in the mood for love -- very much a hong kong movie despite its mainland setting . 
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely . 
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz . 
what's infuriating about full frontal is that it's too close to real life to make sense . what's invigorating about it is that it doesn't give a damn . 
a poignant and compelling story about relationships , food of love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart . 
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time . 
'aunque recurre a ciertos clichés del género , la poderosa actuación de robin williams perdona las fallas del guión . '
that dogged good will of the parents and 'vain' jia's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums . 
davis' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort . 
sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before . 
some actors have so much charisma that you'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book . hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors . 
a fascinating and fun film . 
a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters . 
the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen ( vega ) and juni ( sabara ) cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take . 
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending . certainly the big finish wasn't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for . . . but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps . 
a classy , sprightly spin on film . 
it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice . 
missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane . 
with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in . 
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances . 
an imaginative comedy/thriller . 
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy . 
while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own . 
parris' performance is credible and remarkably mature . 
a good piece of work more often than not . 
it doesn't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one's imagination will lead when given the opportunity . 
george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years . 
it's like an old warner bros . costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie errol flynn always wanted to make , though bette davis , cast as joan , would have killed him . 
branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit . 
all in all , it's a pretty good execution of a story that's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 
at its best when the guarded , resentful betty and the manipulative yet needy margot are front and center . 
confessions isn't always coherent , but it's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong . 
there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us . 
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic . 
it's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way . 
it's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas . 
the dangerous lives of altar boys' take on adolescence feels painfully true . 
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 
meant for star wars fans . it is there to give them a good time . 
 . . . a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life's endgame . 
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but can't afford the $20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering . 
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary . 
as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad . 
birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked . 
